Twins - Top 1st . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Tyner struck out swinging . Rodriguez grounded out to second . Hunter doubled to deep left . Morneau walked . Cuddyer grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Garza pitching for Twins . Owens popped out to shortstop . Podsednik grounded out to first . Thome homered to center . Konerko homered to left . Dye reached on infield single to third . Cintron singled to center , Dye to second . Uribe reached on infield single to third , Dye to third , Cintron to second . Richar grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Kubel flied out to center . Buscher homered to right . Morales singled to left . Punto singled to left center , Morales to second . Tyner struck out swinging . Rodriguez reached on infield single to third , Morales to third , Punto to second . Hunter flied out to right . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Garza pitching for Twins . Hall struck out swinging . Owens struck out swinging . Podsednik struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Morneau safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Cintron . Cuddyer doubled to deep left , Morneau to third . Kubel hit sacrifice fly to center , Morneau scored , Cuddyer to third . Buscher singled to shallow left , Cuddyer scored . Morales doubled to right , Buscher to third . Punto grounded out to first . Tyner singled to right , Buscher and Morales scored , Tyner to second advancing on throw . Rodriguez grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Garza pitching for Twins . Thome struck out looking . Konerko walked . Dye flied out to center . Cintron flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Hunter grounded out to shortstop . Morneau flied out to left . Cuddyer grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Garza pitching for Twins . Uribe reached on infield single to shortstop . Richar doubled to right , Uribe to third . Hall safe at first on error by third baseman Buscher . Owens reached on infield single to shortstop , Uribe scored , Richar out at home , Hall to third , Owens to second . Podsednik struck out swinging . Thome intentionally walked . Konerko singled to left , Hall and Owens scored , Thome to second . Dye walked , Thome to third , Konerko to second . Cintron popped out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Top 5th . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Kubel doubled to deep right center . Buscher grounded out to pitcher . Morales reached on infield single to third , Kubel to third . Punto lined out to second . Tyner reached on bunt single to first , Kubel scored , Morales to second . Heintz ran for Morales . Rodriguez flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Heintz catching . Slowey pitching for Twins . Uribe doubled to deep right center . Richar popped out to third . Hall grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Uribe out at third . Owens reached on infield single to shortstop , Hall to second . Podsednik flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Hunter homered to left center . Myers pitching for White Sox . Morneau grounded out to first . Cuddyer singled to center . Kubel flied out to right . Cuddyer to second on passed ball by Hall . Buscher struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Slowey pitching for Twins . Thome struck out looking . Konerko flied out to left . Dye struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Heintz grounded out to shortstop . Punto grounded out to shortstop . Tyner grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Slowey pitching for Twins . Cintron grounded out to second . Uribe doubled to deep left center . Richar popped out to second . Pierzynski hit for Hall . Cali pitching for Twins . Pierzynski homered to right , Uribe scored . Owens walked . Podsednik singled to left center , Owens to second . Thome singled to right center , Owens scored , Podsednik to third . Neshek pitching for Twins . Konerko grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Thome out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Pierzynski catching . MacDougal pitching for White Sox . Pierzynski catching . MacDougal pitching for White Sox . MacDougal pitching for White Sox . Pierzynski catching . MacDougal pitching for White Sox . Rodriguez grounded out to second . Pierzynski catching . MacDougal pitching for White Sox . Pierzynski catching . MacDougal pitching for White Sox . MacDougal pitching for White Sox . Pierzynski catching . MacDougal pitching for White Sox . Rodriguez grounded out to second . Hunter grounded out to second . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Morneau struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Neshek pitching for Twins . Dye lined out to first . Cintron hit by pitch . Uribe struck out swinging . Richar doubled to right center , Cintron to third . Pierzynski intentionally walked . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Owens struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Cuddyer struck out swinging . White hit for Kubel . White struck out swinging . Bartlett hit for Buscher . Bartlett grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 7 - White Sox 8 .	Thome blasts # 497 in White Sox win vs. Twins