Red Sox - Top 1st . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Stern struck out swinging . Loretta popped out to second . Ortiz grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Newhan safe at first on error by second baseman Loretta . Newhan stole second . Matos flied out to right , Newhan to third . Mora hit by pitch . Tejada singled to center , Newhan scored , Mora to third . Gibbons fouled out to catcher . Millar flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Ramirez flied out to right . Nixon singled to right center . Lowell flied out to right . Snow grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Hernandez singled to left . Gomez flied out to left . Patterson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hernandez safe at second on error by shortstop Gonzalez . Newhan lined out to left . Matos grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Bard flied out to left . Gonzalez struck out looking . Stern popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Mora grounded out to shortstop . Tejada grounded out to shortstop . Gibbons grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Loretta grounded out to shortstop . Ortiz singled to left center . Ortiz to second on wild pitch by Lopez . Ramirez walked . Nixon grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Ramirez out at second , Ortiz to third . Lowell flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Millar grounded out to third . Hernandez singled to center . Gomez hit by pitch , Hernandez to second . Patterson grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Gomez out at second , Hernandez to third . Patterson stole second . Newhan walked . Matos grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Newhan out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Snow singled to right . Bard singled to center , Snow to second . Gonzalez sacrificed to third , Snow to third , Bard to second . Stern singled to right , Snow scored , Bard to third . Loretta lined out to second , Bard scored on throwing error by second baseman Gomez . Ortiz singled to right , Stern to second . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ortiz out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Mora struck out swinging . Tejada walked . Gibbons flied out to left . Millar grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Tejada out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Nixon walked . Lowell flied out to center . Snow walked , Nixon to second . Bard grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Snow out at second , Nixon to third . Gonzalez walked , Bard to second . Stern reached on infield single to first , Nixon scored , Bard to third , Gonzalez to second . Halama pitching for Orioles . Loretta singled to right , Bard scored , Gonzalez to third , Stern to second . Ortiz grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Hernandez doubled to deep left . Gomez singled to right , Hernandez to third . Patterson struck out swinging . Newhan struck out swinging . Matos struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Halama pitching for Orioles . Ramirez grounded out to pitcher . Nixon walked . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Lowell grounded into double play , third to second to first , Nixon out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Mora struck out swinging . Tejada popped out to second . Gibbons singled to center . Gibbons to second on wild pitch by Timlin . Millar walked . Hernandez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Halama pitching for Orioles . Snow singled to left . Bard struck out swinging . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Snow out at second . Foulke pitching for Red Sox . Roberts hit for Gomez . Stern grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gonzalez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Foulke pitching for Red Sox . Roberts struck out swinging . Patterson struck out swinging . Roberts at second base . Byrdak pitching for Orioles . Newhan lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Byrdak pitching for Orioles . Loretta grounded out to third . Ortiz flied out to right . Ramirez walked . Papelbon pitching for Red Sox . Nixon grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Papelbon pitching for Red Sox . Matos doubled to deep left . Mora flied out to center , Matos to third . Tejada hit by pitch . Gibbons fouled out to catcher . Millar fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 4 - Orioles 1 .	Wakefield bounces back to help BoSox sweep O 's