Red Sox - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Crisp grounded out to second . Cora walked . Ortiz struck out looking . Ramirez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Gabbard pitching for Red Sox . Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop . Bloomquist singled to left , Suzuki to second . Beltre grounded into double play , third to first , Suzuki out at third , Bloomquist to second . Sexson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Nixon flied out to center . Lowell homered to left . Pena struck out swinging . Mirabelli grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Gabbard pitching for Red Sox . Perez lined out to left . Everett walked . Johjima flied out to center . Betancourt reached on infield single to third , Everett to second . Jones walked , Everett to third , Betancourt to second . Suzuki singled to center , Everett and Betancourt scored , Jones to second . Bloomquist flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Gonzalez flied out to center . Crisp walked . Crisp stole second . Cora popped out to third . Ortiz singled to center , Crisp scored . Ramirez singled to deep right , Ortiz to third . Nixon struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Gabbard pitching for Red Sox . Beltre singled to center . Sexson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Beltre out at second . Perez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Lowell struck out looking . Pena flied out to center . Mirabelli grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Gabbard pitching for Red Sox . Everett grounded out to pitcher . Johjima flied out to right . Betancourt grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Crisp grounded out to first . Cora grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Gabbard pitching for Red Sox . Jones singled to right . Suzuki struck out swinging , Jones stole second . Bloomquist grounded out to third . Beltre struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Ortiz flied out to center . Ramirez struck out swinging . Nixon singled to right . Lowell grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Nixon out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Gabbard pitching for Red Sox . Sexson popped out to first . Perez reached on infield single to third . Tavarez pitching for Red Sox . Everett singled to center , Perez to second . Johjima grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Perez scored on throwing error by shortstop Gonzalez , Everett safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Gonzalez . Betancourt walked , Everett to third , Johjima to second . Jones grounded into double play , third to catcher to first , Everett out at home . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 7th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Pena grounded out to pitcher . Mirabelli flied out to center . Gonzalez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Tavarez pitching for Red Sox . Suzuki popped out to third . Bloomquist walked . Beltre singled to shallow center , Bloomquist to second . Sexson walked , Bloomquist to third , Beltre to second . Perez singled to center , Bloomquist and Beltre scored , Sexson to second . Everett grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Perez out at second , Sexson to third . Lowe pitching for Mariners . Johjima lined out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Lowe pitching for Mariners . Crisp flied out to center . Cora grounded out to second . Seanez pitching for Red Sox . Ortiz popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Seanez pitching for Red Sox . Betancourt popped out to shortstop . Jones singled to center . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Jones out at second . Putz pitching for Mariners . Bloomquist grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Putz pitching for Mariners . Ramirez struck out looking . Nixon flied out to left . Lowell popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 2 - Mariners 5 .	Stand - up guy : Perez forces error to boost Mariners