Red Sox - Top 1st . Seung Baek pitching for Mariners . Crisp walked . Loretta lined into double play , third to first , Crisp doubled off first . Ortiz walked . Youkilis flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Snyder pitching for Red Sox . Suzuki lined out to left . Snelling reached on infield single to second . Beltre walked , Snelling to second . Ibanez flied out to left . Sexson reached on infield single to shortstop , Snelling to third , Beltre to second . Broussard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Seung Baek pitching for Mariners . Lowell flied out to right . Hinske popped out to shortstop . Pedroia grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Snyder pitching for Red Sox . Betancourt doubled to deep left . Rivera struck out looking . Bloomquist safe at second on error by left fielder Youkilis , Betancourt to third . Suzuki intentionally walked . Snelling hit sacrifice fly to center , Betancourt scored . Beltre flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Seung Baek pitching for Mariners . Lopez struck out swinging . Cora walked . Crisp flied out to center . Loretta grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Snyder pitching for Red Sox . Ibanez safe at first on error by second baseman Pedroia . Sexson struck out swinging . Ibanez caught stealing second , catcher to second . Broussard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 4th . Seung Baek pitching for Mariners . Ortiz flied out to center . Youkilis struck out swinging . Lowell lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Snyder pitching for Red Sox . Betancourt grounded out to third . Rivera grounded out to shortstop . Bloomquist flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Seung Baek pitching for Mariners . Hinske walked . Pedroia walked , Hinske to second . Lopez struck out looking . Cora struck out swinging . Crisp safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Broussard , Hinske scored , Pedroia advanced to second on play , Pedroia tagged out at second attempting to advance on play . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Snyder pitching for Red Sox . Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop . Snelling doubled to right , Suzuki to third . Beltre walked . Ibanez homered to right , Suzuki , Snelling and Beltre scored . Tavarez pitching for Red Sox . Sexson singled to left . Broussard lined out to left . Betancourt singled to right , Sexson to second . Rivera singled to right , Sexson to third , Betancourt to second . Bloomquist grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Sexson out at home , Betancourt to third , Rivera to second , Betancourt scored , Rivera to third , Bloomquist to second on throwing error . Suzuki intentionally walked . Snelling struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 6th . Seung Baek pitching for Mariners . Loretta flied out to left . Ortiz homered to right . Youkilis lined out to left . Green pitching for Mariners . Lowell homered to left . Hinske struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Tavarez pitching for Red Sox . Beltre struck out swinging . Ibanez walked . Sexson hit by pitch , Ibanez to second . Broussard grounded into double play , to shortstop , Sexson out at second , Ibanez out at third , Broussard to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Green pitching for Mariners . Pedroia grounded out to shortstop . Lopez fouled out to first . Cora walked . Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox . Crisp grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox . Betancourt popped out to second . Rivera lined out to right . Soriano pitching for Mariners . Bloomquist grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Soriano pitching for Mariners . Loretta flied out to left . Ortiz lined out to left . Youkilis walked . Lowell fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox . Suzuki grounded out to second . Snelling grounded out to second . Putz pitching for Mariners . Beltre flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Putz pitching for Mariners . Hinske flied out to center . Pedroia struck out swinging . Lopez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 3 - Mariners 6 .	Baek stifles Boston as M 's sweep struggling Red Sox