Pirates - Top 1st. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Frazier flied out to center. Marte grounded out to third. Polanco homered to right (426 feet). Bell reached on infield single to first. Cabrera flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Musgrove pitching for Pirates. Carpenter grounded out to first. Goldschmidt flied out to center. DeJong lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Cervelli grounded out to third. Moran walked. Tucker flied out to left. Musgrove flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Musgrove pitching for Pirates. Ozuna walked. Martínez singled to right, Ozuna to third. Molina doubled to left, Ozuna scored, Martínez to third. Fowler hit ground rule double to deep right, Martínez scored and Molina scored. Wong struck out swinging. Wacha bunt popped out to pitcher. Carpenter walked. Goldschmidt singled to center, Fowler scored, Carpenter to second. DeJong struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Frazier singled to right. Marte struck out looking. Polanco doubled to right center, Frazier scored. Bell flied out to center, Polanco to third. Cabrera grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Musgrove pitching for Pirates. Ozuna walked. Martínez flied out to center, Ozuna to second. Molina reached on infield single to third. Fowler singled to right, Ozuna scored, Molina to third. Wong grounded into fielder's choice to second, Molina scored, Fowler out at second. Wacha struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Cervelli lined out to shortstop. Moran lined out to left. Tucker lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Musgrove pitching for Pirates. Carpenter walked. Goldschmidt walked, Carpenter to second. Holmes pitching for Pirates. Newman at shortstop. DeJong walked, Goldschmidt to second, Carpenter to third. Ozuna struck out swinging. Martínez walked, Carpenter scored, DeJong to second, Goldschmidt to third. Molina singled to deep right center, Goldschmidt scored, Martínez to second, DeJong to third. Fowler grounded into fielder's choice to first, DeJong scored on error by first baseman Bell and Martínez scored on error by first baseman Bell, Molina to second. Wong doubled to right center, Molina scored, Fowler to third. Wacha struck out looking. Carpenter grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 5th. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Newman singled to center. Frazier struck out swinging. Marte singled to left, Newman to second. Polanco doubled to first, Newman scored, Marte to third. Bell grounded out to shortstop, Marte scored, Polanco to third. Cabrera grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Holmes pitching for Pirates. Goldschmidt struck out looking. DeJong singled to left. Ozuna grounded out to third, DeJong to second. Martínez hit by pitch. Molina grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Cervelli singled to left. Moran popped out to shortstop. Kang hit for Holmes. Kang lined out to left. Newman doubled to left, Cervelli to third. Gant pitching for Cardinals. Fowler in right field. Bader in center field. Frazier grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Neverauskas pitching for Pirates. Moran at second base. Kang at third base. Fowler struck out looking. Wong hit ground rule double to deep right center. Bader struck out, Bader to first on wild pitch by Neverauskas, Wong to third on wild pitch by Neverauskas. Carpenter singled to deep right, Wong scored, Bader to second. Goldschmidt hit ground rule double to deep right, Bader scored, Carpenter to third. DeJong walked. Ozuna doubled to deep right center, Carpenter scored, DeJong scored and Goldschmidt scored. Muñoz hit for Gant. Muñoz flied out to center, Ozuna to third. Wieters hit for Molina. Wieters struck out looking. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Leone pitching for Cardinals. Muñoz at shortstop. Wieters catching. Marte singled to center. Polanco walked, Marte to second. Bell struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Polanco out at second, Marte to third. Cervelli struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Díaz catching. Reynolds in left field. DuRapau pitching for Pirates. Fowler grounded out to second. Wong lined out to pitcher. Bader struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Leone pitching for Cardinals. Moran struck out looking. Kang lined out to left. Newman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. DuRapau pitching for Pirates. Carpenter singled to right center. Goldschmidt singled to left, Carpenter to second. Gyorko hit for Leone. Gyorko singled to left, Goldschmidt to second, Carpenter to third. Ozuna grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Carpenter scored, Gyorko out at second, Goldschmidt to third. Muñoz grounded into double play, second to first, Ozuna out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Brebbia pitching for Cardinals. Gyorko at first base. Díaz grounded out to second. Marte grounded out to shortstop. Polanco popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 4 - Cardinals 17.	Ozuna, Fowler lead Cardinals in 17-4 rout of Pirates