Dodgers - Top 1st. Musgrove pitching for Pirates. Pederson hit ground rule double to deep right. Muncy grounded out to pitcher, Pederson to third. Seager singled to right, Pederson scored. Bellinger grounded into fielder's choice to second, Seager out at second. Beaty grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Ryu pitching for Dodgers. Frazier grounded out to third. Reynolds struck out swinging. Marte struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Musgrove pitching for Pirates. Martin grounded out to shortstop. Verdugo doubled to deep right. Taylor grounded out to pitcher, Verdugo to third. Ryu lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Ryu pitching for Dodgers. Bell doubled to deep center. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Bell scored on throwing error by catcher Martin, Cabrera safe at second on throwing error by catcher Martin. Newman grounded out to pitcher. Cervelli singled to center, Cabrera to third. Tucker singled to center, Cabrera scored, Cervelli to second. Musgrove sacrificed to pitcher, Tucker to second, Cervelli to third. Frazier grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Musgrove pitching for Pirates. Pederson grounded out to first. Muncy doubled to left center. Seager grounded out to pitcher. Bellinger singled to right, Muncy scored. Beaty grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Ryu pitching for Dodgers. Reynolds struck out swinging. Marte singled to shallow center. Bell singled to shallow left, Marte to second. Cabrera grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bell out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Musgrove pitching for Pirates. Martin struck out swinging. Verdugo grounded out to first. Taylor singled to left. Ryu doubled to deep right center, Taylor scored. Pederson flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Ryu pitching for Dodgers. Newman reached on infield single to third. Díaz hit for Cervelli. Díaz doubled to deep center, Newman to third. Tucker flied out to center. Musgrove lined out to right. Frazier lined out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Díaz catching. Musgrove pitching for Pirates. Muncy doubled to right. Seager doubled to deep right center, Muncy scored. Bellinger doubled to deep right, Seager scored. Beaty grounded out to first, Bellinger to third. Martin hit sacrifice fly to center, Bellinger scored. Verdugo lined out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Ryu pitching for Dodgers. Reynolds singled to center. Marte reached on bunt single to catcher, Reynolds to second. Bell grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Marte out at second, Reynolds to third. Cabrera grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Davis pitching for Pirates. Elmore in right field. Taylor doubled to deep right. Ryu sacrificed to pitcher, Taylor to third. Pederson singled to right, Taylor scored. Muncy grounded into fielder's choice to second, Pederson out at second. Seager struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Ryu pitching for Dodgers. Newman doubled to deep center. Díaz grounded out to third. Tucker grounded out to shortstop, Newman to third. Elmore flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Davis pitching for Pirates. Bellinger struck out swinging. Beaty grounded out to third. Martin singled to left. Verdugo walked, Martin to second. Taylor grounded into fielder's choice to third, Martin out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Pederson in center field. Urías pitching for Dodgers. Garlick in left field. Frazier grounded out to first. Reynolds grounded out to shortstop. Marte reached on infield single to catcher, Marte safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Urías. Bell grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 8th. Davis pitching for Pirates. Garlick flied out to left. Pederson walked. Muncy lined into double play, to first, Pederson doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Moran hit for Davis. Urias pitching for Dodgers. Moran struck out swinging. Newman grounded out to third. Díaz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Neverauskas pitching for Pirates. Seager flied out to left. Bellinger walked. Beaty lined out to right. Martin walked, Bellinger to second. Hernández hit for Urías. Hernández grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bellinger out at third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Alexander pitching for Dodgers. Tucker lined out to shortstop. Elmore grounded out to shortstop. Frazier grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 7 - Pirates 2.	Bellinger, Seager lead Dodgers past Pirates 7-2