Brewers - Top 1st. Archer pitching for Pirates. Cain grounded out to shortstop. Yelich grounded out to third. Braun grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Chacin pitching for Brewers. Newman flied out to right. Polanco flied out to center. Marte singled to center. Marte stole second. Bell singled to left, Marte scored. Reynolds lined out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Archer pitching for Pirates. Moustakas struck out swinging. Grandal grounded out to third. Hiura struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Chacin pitching for Brewers. Moran grounded out to second. Stallings grounded out to pitcher. Frazier singled to left. Archer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Archer pitching for Pirates. Aguilar homered to center (407 feet). Arcia grounded out to shortstop. Chacín lined out to third. Cain grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Chacin pitching for Brewers. Newman singled to left center. Polanco singled to left, Newman to second, Newman safe at third on error by left fielder Braun. Marte singled to center, Newman scored, Polanco to second. Bell lined out to center. Reynolds walked, Marte to second, Polanco to third. Moran walked, Polanco scored, Reynolds to second, Marte to third. Stallings struck out swinging. Frazier walked, Marte scored, Moran to second, Reynolds to third. Archer walked, Reynolds scored, Frazier to second, Moran to third. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Newman singled to left center, Frazier scored and Moran scored, Archer to third. Polanco struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 4th. Archer pitching for Pirates. Yelich grounded out to shortstop. Braun grounded out to shortstop. Moustakas doubled to deep center. Grandal walked. Hiura homered to center (420 feet), Moustakas scored and Grandal scored. Aguilar walked. Arcia singled to right center, Arcia to second, Aguilar to third. Peralta struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Marte grounded out to shortstop. Bell singled to center. Reynolds singled to left, Bell to second. Moran grounded out to second, Reynolds to second, Bell to third. Stallings struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Archer pitching for Pirates. Cain popped out to second. Yelich grounded out to pitcher. Braun grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Frazier popped out to shortstop. Archer grounded out to pitcher. Newman popped out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Archer pitching for Pirates. Moustakas lined out to right. Grandal struck out swinging. Hiura singled to left center. Aguilar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Polanco struck out swinging. Marte reached on bunt single to third. Bell flied out to left. Reynolds reached on infield single to shortstop, Marte to second. Moran singled to left center, Marte scored, Reynolds to third. Stallings grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Reynolds scored, Moran to second, Stallings safe at second on error by second baseman Hiura, Moran safe at third on error by second baseman Hiura. Frazier intentionally walked. Archer popped out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 7th. Archer pitching for Pirates. Arcia struck out swinging. Gamel hit for Peralta. Gamel struck out looking. Cain flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Claudio pitching for Brewers. Gamel in center field. Newman popped out to first. Polanco grounded out to pitcher. Marte grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Yelich grounded out to second. Braun lined out to third. Moustakas popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Claudio pitching for Brewers. Bell grounded out to shortstop. Reynolds grounded out to second. Moran singled to center. Stallings grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Vázquez pitching for Pirates. Grandal struck out swinging. Hiura singled to right. Aguilar struck out swinging. Arcia grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hiura out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 4 - Pirates 9.	Bell's 94 TB most in May since Willie Mays in '58