Pirates - Top 1st. Lester pitching for Cubs. Newman singled to deep left. Reynolds struck out looking. Marte flied out to center. Bell struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 1st. Lyles pitching for Pirates. Schwarber walked. Báez struck out swinging. Bryant walked, Schwarber to second. Rizzo singled to shallow center, Schwarber scored, Bryant to third. Contreras homered to right center (407 feet), Bryant scored and Rizzo scored. Heyward doubled to deep right. Russell walked. Almora Jr. struck out swinging. Lester singled to deep left, Heyward scored and Russell scored. Schwarber walked, Lester to second. Stratton pitching for Pirates. Báez doubled to center, Lester scored, Schwarber to third. Bryant struck out looking. 7 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Lester pitching for Cubs. Cabrera grounded out to second. Osuna singled to right. Kang struck out looking. Díaz fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 2nd. Stratton pitching for Pirates. Rizzo lined out to shortstop. Contreras struck out swinging. Heyward flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Lester pitching for Cubs. Stratton struck out looking. Newman grounded out to second. Reynolds grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 3rd. Stratton pitching for Pirates. Russell grounded out to catcher. Almora Jr. grounded out to shortstop. Lester homered to left center (376 feet). Schwarber doubled to left. Báez grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Lester pitching for Cubs. Marte struck out looking. Bell struck out looking. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 4th. Stratton pitching for Pirates. Bryant popped out to first. Rizzo struck out swinging. Contreras walked. Heyward doubled to center, Contreras to third. Russell singled to shallow left, Contreras scored on throwing error by left fielder Reynolds and Heyward scored, Russell to second, Russell safe at third on throwing error by left fielder Reynolds. Almora Jr. grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 5th. Lester pitching for Cubs. Osuna lined out to shortstop. Kang homered to left (422 feet). Díaz flied out to left. Moran hit for Stratton. Moran grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 5th. Escobar pitching for Pirates. Lester struck out swinging. Schwarber singled to left. Schwarber picked off first. Báez reached on infield single to third. Bryant grounded into fielder's choice to second, Báez out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Lester pitching for Cubs. Newman safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Báez. Reynolds grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Newman out at second. Marte homered to left center (384 feet). Bell doubled to deep right center. Cabrera popped out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Bottom 6th. Escobar pitching for Pirates. Rizzo reached on infield single to shortstop. Contreras popped out to second. Heyward singled to center, Rizzo to second. Russell grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Heyward out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Lester pitching for Cubs. Osuna singled to left. Kang reached on infield single to shortstop, Osuna to second. Díaz grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kang out at second, Osuna to third. Dickerson hit for Escobar. Dickerson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Osuna scored, Díaz out at second. Newman singled to left, Dickerson to third. Kintzler pitching for Cubs. Reynolds grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 7th. Holmes pitching for Pirates. Almora Jr. struck out swinging. García hit for Kintzler. García struck out swinging. Schwarber grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Rosario pitching for Cubs. Bryant in left field. Bote at third base. Marte homered to left (377 feet). Bell singled to center. Cabrera flied out to right. Osuna grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bell out at second. Kang struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 8th. Holmes pitching for Pirates. Báez struck out swinging. Bryant safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Kang. Rizzo flied out to left. Caratini hit for Contreras. Caratini walked, Bryant to second. Caratini to second on passed ball by Díaz, Bryant to third on passed ball by Díaz. Heyward grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 9th. Caratini catching. Rosario pitching for Cubs. Díaz popped out to second. Stallings hit for Holmes. Stallings singled to center. Cishek pitching for Cubs. Newman grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Stallings out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 4 - Cubs 10.	Lester homers, drives in 3, pitches Cubs past Pirates 10-4