Pirates - Top 1st. Ponce de Leon pitching for Cardinals. Newman grounded out to third. Reynolds grounded out to second. Marte homered to left (376 feet). Osuna struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Archer pitching for Pirates. Edman singled to right. Martínez grounded out to second, Edman to second. Goldschmidt popped out to shortstop. O'Neill singled to right, Edman scored. Fowler safe at first on error by third baseman Moran, O'Neill safe at third on error by third baseman Moran. DeJong struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 2nd. Ponce de Leon pitching for Cardinals. Cabrera grounded out to second. Moran singled to center. Kang fouled out to first. Stallings struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Archer pitching for Pirates. Muñoz reached on infield single to shortstop. Knizner doubled to center, Muñoz to third. Ponce de Leon struck out swinging. Edman walked. Martínez hit sacrifice fly to right, Muñoz scored, Knizner to third. Goldschmidt walked, Edman to second. O'Neill struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Ponce de Leon pitching for Cardinals. Archer singled to right. Newman reached on infield single to third, Archer to second. Reynolds struck out looking. Marte flied out to right, Archer to third. Osuna grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Newman out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Archer pitching for Pirates. Fowler lined out to right. DeJong struck out swinging. Muñoz flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Ponce de Leon pitching for Cardinals. Cabrera singled to center. Cabrera to second on wild pitch by Ponce de Leon. Moran walked. Kang grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Moran out at second, Cabrera to third. Stallings intentionally walked. Archer singled to right, Cabrera scored, Stallings to second. Newman singled to left, Archer to second, Stallings to third. Reynolds singled to center, Archer scored and Stallings scored, Newman to second. Leone pitching for Cardinals. Marte grounded into fielder's choice to third, Newman out at third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Archer pitching for Pirates. Knizner flied out to right. Sosa hit for Leone. Sosa struck out swinging. Edman lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Shreve pitching for Cardinals. Osuna lined out to first. Cabrera lined out to center. Moran flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Archer pitching for Pirates. Martínez struck out swinging. Goldschmidt flied out to center. O'Neill homered to left (411 feet). Fowler struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Brebbia pitching for Cardinals. Kang struck out swinging. Stallings struck out swinging. Archer struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Archer pitching for Pirates. DeJong flied out to left. Muñoz lined out to right. Knizner struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Brebbia pitching for Cardinals. Newman flied out to center. Reynolds struck out swinging. Marte grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Bader hit for Brebbia. Bader grounded out to first. Edman singled to center. Martínez walked, Edman to second. Feliz pitching for Pirates. Goldschmidt homered to left center (403 feet), Edman scored and Martínez scored. O'Neill popped out to first. Fowler struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Fowler in right field. Bader in center field. Osuna struck out swinging. Cabrera flied out to center. Moran grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Crick pitching for Pirates. DeJong popped out to third. Muñoz flied out to right. Knizner struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Edman at third base. Wong at second base. Martínez pitching for Cardinals. Frazier hit for Kang. Frazier singled to shallow left. Bell hit for Stallings. Bell grounded into fielder's choice to third, Frazier out at second. Dickerson hit for Crick. Dickerson struck out swinging. Newman singled to left, Bell to second. Reynolds singled to right, Bell scored, Newman to third. Marte grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Reynolds out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 5 - Cardinals 6.	Goldschmidt's 3-run homer lifts Cardinals over Pirates 6-5