Pirates - Top 1st. Mikolas pitching for Cardinals. Frazier singled to right. Reynolds doubled to deep right center, Frazier to third. Marte flied into double play, center to catcher, Frazier out at home. Bell homered to right (401 feet), Reynolds scored. Cabrera grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Brault pitching for Pirates. Edman struck out swinging. Martínez walked. Goldschmidt homered to center (441 feet), Martínez scored. Ozuna grounded out to third. DeJong lined out to right. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Mikolas pitching for Cardinals. Moran doubled to deep center. Díaz grounded out to shortstop. González struck out looking. Brault grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Brault pitching for Pirates. Muñoz grounded out to second. Knizner struck out looking. Thomas grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Mikolas pitching for Cardinals. Frazier flied out to left. Reynolds doubled to deep right. Marte hit by pitch. Bell singled to right, Reynolds scored on error by right fielder Martínez, Bell safe at second on error by right fielder Martínez, Marte safe at third on error by right fielder Martínez. Cabrera grounded out to second, Marte scored. Moran struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Brault pitching for Pirates. Mikolas popped out to second. Edman reached on bunt single to catcher. Martínez struck out looking, Edman stole second, Edman safe at third on throwing error by catcher Díaz. Goldschmidt singled to right, Edman scored. Ozuna flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 4th. Mikolas pitching for Cardinals. Díaz flied out to right. González grounded out to third. Brault struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Brault pitching for Pirates. DeJong walked. Muñoz flied out to right. Knizner flied out to right. Thomas tripled to deep right, DeJong scored. Mikolas grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Fowler in right field. Mikolas pitching for Cardinals. Frazier lined out to first. Reynolds walked. Marte struck out swinging. Bell homered to left (395 feet), Reynolds scored. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Brault pitching for Pirates. Edman singled to right. Fowler lined out to shortstop. Edman to second on wild pitch by Brault. Goldschmidt grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Edman out at third in rundown. Goldschmidt to second on wild pitch by Brault. Ozuna walked. Feliz pitching for Pirates. Reyes in left field. DeJong struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Fernandez pitching for Cardinals. Moran singled to right. Díaz struck out looking. González singled to right, Moran to third. Reyes struck out looking, González stole second. Webb pitching for Cardinals. Frazier singled to center, Moran scored and González scored. Frazier picked off and caught stealing second. Tyler Webb pitches to Bryan Reynolds. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Feliz pitching for Pirates. Muñoz reached on infield single to first. Knizner singled to right, Muñoz to second. Thomas popped out to first. Carpenter hit for Webb. Carpenter grounded into fielder's choice to first, Knizner out at second, Muñoz to third. Edman grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Gant pitching for Cardinals. Reynolds singled to left. Marte grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Reynolds out at second. Bell flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Crick pitching for Pirates. Fowler grounded out to first. Goldschmidt singled to center. Ozuna singled to center, Goldschmidt to second. DeJong popped out to second. Ozuna stole second, Goldschmidt stole third. Muñoz hit by pitch. Knizner hit by pitch, Goldschmidt scored, Muñoz to second, Ozuna to third. Thomas homered to left (410 feet), Ozuna scored, Muñoz scored and Knizner scored. Stratton pitching for Pirates. Wong hit for Gant. Wong struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Edman at third base. Osuna hit for Stratton. Brebbia pitching for Cardinals. Wong at second base. Osuna fouled out to first. Moran singled to left center. Musgrove ran for Moran. Díaz popped out to shortstop. González struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Osuna at third base. Hartlieb pitching for Pirates. Edman singled to left. Fowler homered to left center (399 feet), Edman scored. Goldschmidt singled to left. Ozuna singled to left center, Goldschmidt to second. Holmes pitching for Pirates. DeJong flied out to left. Wieters hit for Brebbia. Wieters walked, Ozuna to second, Goldschmidt to third. Knizner struck out swinging. Thomas struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Reyes homered to left center (407 feet). Frazier fouled out to third. Reynolds flied out to center. Marte struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 9 - Cardinals 11.	Thomas' slam leads Cardinals to comeback win over Pirates