Pirates - Top 1st. Hoffman pitching for Rockies. Frazier homered to right (422 feet). Reynolds singled to center. Marte grounded into fielder's choice to third, Reynolds out at second. Bell popped out to third. Moran walked, Marte to second. Osuna grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Brault pitching for Pirates. Story grounded out to third. Blackmon grounded out to second. Arenado lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Hoffman pitching for Rockies. Díaz singled to right. González popped out to first. Brault sacrificed to pitcher, Díaz to second. Frazier struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Brault pitching for Pirates. Desmond grounded out to shortstop. McMahon struck out swinging. Hampson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Hoffman pitching for Rockies. Reynolds singled to right. Marte struck out swinging. Bell popped out to third. Moran doubled to deep left, Reynolds thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Brault pitching for Pirates. Valaika singled to right. Wolters grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Valaika out at second. Hoffman grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Hoffman pitching for Rockies. Osuna flied out to center. Díaz reached on infield single to catcher. González safe at first on error by third baseman Arenado, Díaz to second. Brault struck out swinging. Frazier grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Brault pitching for Pirates. Story lined out to right. Blackmon walked. Arenado popped out to first. Desmond walked, Blackmon to second. McMahon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Hoffman pitching for Rockies. Reynolds singled to right. Marte singled to center, Reynolds to third. Marte picked off and caught stealing second. Bell singled to right, Reynolds scored. Moran grounded into double play, second to third to first, Bell out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Brault pitching for Pirates. Hampson safe at first on error by third baseman Moran. Valaika flied out to center. Hampson stole second. Wolters flied out to center, Hampson to third. Daza hit for Hoffman. Daza grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 6th. Tinoco pitching for Rockies. Osuna grounded out to pitcher. Díaz struck out looking. González singled to deep left, González thrown out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Brault pitching for Pirates. Story flied out to right. Blackmon struck out swinging. Arenado homered to left (399 feet). Desmond struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Tinoco pitching for Rockies. Brault homered to right (441 feet). Frazier singled to center. Reynolds grounded into fielder's choice to first, Frazier out at second. Marte walked, Reynolds to second. Bell grounded into fielder's choice to first, Reynolds scored on error by first baseman McMahon, Bell safe at second on error by first baseman McMahon, Marte out at second, Marte safe at second on err. Pazos pitching for Rockies. Moran struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Brault pitching for Pirates. McMahon reached on bunt single to second. Hampson singled to right center, McMahon to second. Valaika struck out swinging. Wolters singled to right center, McMahon scored, Hampson to third. Murphy hit for Pazos. Rodríguez pitching for Pirates. Murphy grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Wolters to second, Hampson out at home. Story struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Estévez pitching for Rockies. Osuna struck out swinging. Díaz flied out to right. González struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Kela pitching for Pirates. Blackmon grounded out to shortstop. Arenado walked. Desmond grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Arenado out at second. McMahon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Díaz pitching for Rockies. Cabrera hit for Kela. Cabrera safe at second on error by first baseman McMahon. Musgrove ran for Cabrera. Frazier grounded out to second, Musgrove to third. Reynolds grounded into fielder's choice to second. Marte grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Musgrove scored, Reynolds out at second. Bell singled to center, Marte to third. Moran singled to right, Marte scored, Bell to third. Osuna struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Vázquez pitching for Pirates. Hampson flied out to center. Valaika struck out looking. Wolters hit by pitch. Hilliard hit for Díaz. Wolters to second on wild pitch by Vázquez. Hilliard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 6 - Rockies 2.	Brault homers, pitches into 7th as Pirates sweep Rockies 6-2