Mariners - Top 1st. Musgrove pitching for Pirates. Long walked. Smith struck out swinging. Long picked off first. Narváez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Kikuchi pitching for Mariners. Newman grounded out to third. Reynolds grounded out to shortstop. Osuna grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Musgrove pitching for Pirates. Nola struck out looking. Vogelbach walked. Lopes doubled to deep right, Vogelbach to third. Vogelbach scored on throwing error by shortstop Tucker, Walton safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Tucker, Lopes safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Tucker. Bishop singled to center, Lopes scored, Walton to second. Kikuchi sacrificed, Kikuchi to first on error by pitcher Musgrove, Bishop to second on error by pitcher Musgrove, Walton to third on error by pitcher Musgrove. Long singled to right, Bishop scored and Walton scored, Kikuchi to second. Smith grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Long out at second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Kikuchi pitching for Mariners. Moran doubled to deep center. Díaz doubled to left, Moran scored. Tucker struck out swinging. Elmore doubled to center, Díaz scored. González lined out to left. Musgrove doubled to deep right, Elmore scored. Newman singled to right, Musgrove scored, Newman to second. Reynolds flied out to right. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Musgrove pitching for Pirates. Narváez grounded out to second. Nola singled to right. Vogelbach flied out to center. Lopes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Kikuchi pitching for Mariners. Osuna grounded out to second. Moran reached on infield single to third. Díaz lined out to third. Tucker grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Musgrove pitching for Pirates. Walton grounded out to first. Bishop grounded out to second. Kikuchi struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Kikuchi pitching for Mariners. Elmore bunt popped out to pitcher. González singled to right. Musgrove lined out to left. Newman reached on bunt single to catcher, González to second. Reynolds walked, Newman to second, González to third. Osuna grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Musgrove pitching for Pirates. Long reached on infield single to pitcher. Smith struck out swinging. Long caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Narváez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Grotz pitching for Mariners. Moran grounded out to second. Díaz walked. Tucker grounded out to first, Díaz to second. Elmore singled to left center, Díaz scored, Elmore thrown out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Rodríguez pitching for Pirates. Nola struck out swinging. Vogelbach singled to left. Lopes struck out swinging. Walton singled to left, Vogelbach to second. Bishop grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Altavilla pitching for Mariners. González struck out swinging. Joseph hit for Rodríguez. Joseph flied out to center. Newman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Moore hit for Altavilla. Moore bunt grounded out to first. Long grounded out to third. Lewis hit for Smith. Lewis walked. Narváez walked, Lewis to second. Nola singled to right, Lewis scored, Narváez to third. Vogelbach struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Lewis in right field. Lopes in left field. Bishop in center field. Guilbeau pitching for Mariners. Reynolds grounded out to pitcher. Osuna singled to right. Moran grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Osuna out at second. Díaz grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Feliz pitching for Pirates. Lopes lined out to right. Walton walked. Gordon hit for Bishop. Gordon grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Walton out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Long in left field. Lewis in center field. Lopes in right field. Gordon at second base. Adams pitching for Mariners. Tucker flied out to center. Elmore singled to left. González grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Elmore out at second, González safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Gordon. Frazier hit for Feliz. Frazier struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 9th. Kela pitching for Pirates. Seager hit for Adams. Seager lined out to center. Long singled to right. Lewis singled to right, Long to second. Narváez singled to left center, Lewis to second, Long to third. Nola struck out looking. Vogelbach lined out to right. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Nola at first base. Bass pitching for Mariners. Seager at third base. Newman lined out to right. Reynolds struck out swinging. Osuna struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 10th. Markel pitching for Pirates. Lopes grounded out to first. Walton struck out swinging. Gordon singled to right. Seager flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 10th. Brennan pitching for Mariners. Moran flied out to right. Díaz struck out swinging. Tucker grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 11th. Newman at shortstop. Holmes pitching for Pirates. Kramer at second base. Long safe at first on error by first baseman Osuna. Lewis struck out swinging. Narváez singled to left center, Long to third. Nola grounded into double play, second to first to shortstop to catcher, Long scored, Narváez out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 11th. Lewis in right field. Swanson pitching for Mariners. Broxton in center field. Elmore struck out swinging. González walked. Kramer struck out swinging. Newman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 6 - Pirates 5.	Long, Mariners beat Pirates 6-5 in 11 innings for sweep