Pirates - Top 1st. Anderson pitching for Brewers. Newman flied out to left. Reynolds tripled to right, Reynolds to third. Moran struck out swinging. Osuna flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Brault pitching for Pirates. Cain walked. Cain stole second. Grandal struck out swinging. Moustakas singled to left, Cain scored. Braun doubled to deep right center, Moustakas to third. Hiura struck out swinging. Moustakas scored on throwing error by shortstop Newman and Braun scored on throwing error by shortstop Newman, Pérez safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Newman. Piña struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 2nd. Anderson pitching for Brewers. Frazier struck out looking. Reyes safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Moustakas. Stallings fouled out to right. González grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Brault pitching for Pirates. Arcia grounded out to third. Anderson struck out swinging. Cain grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Anderson pitching for Brewers. Brault fouled out to catcher. Newman lined out to right. Reynolds singled to right. Moran struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Brault pitching for Pirates. Grandal struck out swinging. Moustakas grounded out to pitcher. Braun flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Anderson pitching for Brewers. Osuna walked. Frazier grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Osuna out at second. Reyes grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Brault pitching for Pirates. Hiura walked. Pérez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hiura out at second. Piña grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Anderson pitching for Brewers. Stallings flied out to right. González singled to center. Brault struck out swinging. Newman flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Brault pitching for Pirates. Arcia doubled to right center. Arcia picked off second. Anderson singled to left. Cain grounded into double play, third to second to first, Anderson out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Anderson pitching for Brewers. Reynolds flied out to left. Moran flied out to left. Osuna grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Brault pitching for Pirates. Grandal walked. Moustakas singled to left, Grandal to second. Braun struck out looking. Hiura singled to center, Grandal scored, Moustakas to second. Spangenberg ran for Hiura. Grisham hit for Pérez. Rios pitching for Pirates. Grisham walked, Spangenberg to second, Moustakas to third. Piña hit by pitch, Moustakas scored, Grisham to second, Spangenberg to third. Arcia struck out swinging. Gamel hit for Anderson. Jerez pitching for Pirates. Gamel walked, Spangenberg scored, Piña to second, Grisham to third. Hartlieb pitching for Pirates. Cain grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gamel out at second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Williams pitching for Brewers. Spangenberg at second base. Grisham in right field. Gamel in left field. Frazier homered to right (358 feet). Reyes struck out looking. Stallings flied out to left. González flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Hartlieb pitching for Pirates. Grandal walked. Moustakas lined out to center. Thames hit for Williams. Thames singled to left center, Grandal to second. Spangenberg reached on infield single to pitcher, Thames to second, Grandal to third. Grisham tripled to right, Grandal scored, Thames scored and Spangenberg scored. Piña hit sacrifice fly to center, Grisham scored. Arcia struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Taylor in right field. Faria pitching for Brewers. Grisham in center field. Joseph hit for Hartlieb. Joseph singled to left. Newman lined out to right. Reynolds reached on infield single to shortstop, Joseph to second, Joseph safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Moustakas. Moran walked, Reynolds to second. Osuna struck out looking. Frazier grounded into fielder's choice to third, Moran out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Ramírez pitching for Pirates. Baron catching. Joseph at second base. Gamel flied out to right. Taylor grounded out to third. Grandal reached on infield single to second. Shaw hit for Moustakas. Shaw popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Shaw at third base. Burnes pitching for Brewers. Reyes flied out to right. Baron struck out swinging. González grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 1 - Brewers 10.	Anderson pitches 6 scoreless, Brewers stretch wild-card lead