Cubs - Top 1st . Hudson pitching for Braves . Soriano hit by pitch . Pie walked , Soriano to second . Lee singled to right , Soriano scored , Pie to third , Lee to second advancing on throw . Barrett struck out swinging . Jones intentionally walked . DeRosa singled to right , Pie and Lee scored , Jones to second . Fontenot singled to right , Jones scored , DeRosa to second , DeRosa thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . Izturis grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Marquis pitching for Cubs . Johnson grounded out to third . Harris singled to center . Renteria struck out looking , Harris stole second . Harris to third on wild pitch by Marquis . Jones homered to center , Harris scored . McCann walked . Francoeur popped out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 2nd . Hudson pitching for Braves . Marquis grounded out to pitcher . Soriano flied out to center . Pie grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Marquis pitching for Cubs . Thorman safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Marquis . Escobar walked , Thorman to second . Hudson sacrificed to pitcher , Thorman to third , Escobar to second . Johnson grounded out to second , Thorman scored , Escobar to third . Harris walked . Renteria singled to center , Escobar scored , Harris to third . Gallagher pitching for Cubs . Jones singled to left , Harris scored , Renteria to second . McCann singled to left , Renteria scored , Jones to second . Francoeur lined out to third . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 3rd . Hudson pitching for Braves . Lee singled to center . Barrett reached on infield single to third , Lee to second , Lee to third on throwing error by third baseman Escobar . Moylan pitching for Braves . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Lee scored , Barrett to second . DeRosa flied out to right . Fontenot grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first to catcher to third to first to catcher to third , Jones out at second , Barrett out at third , Barrett out at home , Fontenot to . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Gallagher pitching for Cubs . Thorman struck out swinging . Escobar grounded out to third . Moylan walked . Johnson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 4th . Moylan pitching for Braves . Izturis struck out looking . Gallagher hit by pitch . Soriano struck out swinging . Pie struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Gallagher pitching for Cubs . Harris hit ground rule double to deep center . Renteria homered to right , Harris scored . Jones struck out swinging . McCann flied out to left . Francoeur flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 5th . Moylan pitching for Braves . Lee grounded out to third . Barrett walked . Jones grounded into double play , second to first , Barrett out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Gallagher pitching for Cubs . Thorman flied out to left . Orr hit for Moylan . Escobar grounded out to second . Boyer pitching for Braves . Orr flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 6th . Boyer pitching for Braves . DeRosa singled to right . Fontenot grounded out to second , DeRosa to second . DeRosa to third on wild pitch by Boyer . Murton hit for Gallagher . Izturis struck out swinging . Eyre pitching for Cubs . Murton flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Eyre pitching for Cubs . Johnson walked . Harris sacrificed to third , Johnson to second . Renteria doubled to deep right , Johnson scored . Jones grounded out to shortstop . McCann walked . Yates pitching for Braves . Francoeur flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 7th . Yates pitching for Braves . Soriano struck out swinging . Pie singled to center . Lee struck out swinging . Barrett flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Eyre pitching for Cubs . Thorman singled to right . Thorman to second on wild pitch by Eyre . Woodward hit for Yates . Escobar grounded out to second , Thorman to third . Soriano pitching for Braves . Woodward flied out to left , Thorman thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . Soriano pitching for Braves . Jones grounded out to second . DeRosa singled to center . Fontenot flied out to left . Wuertz pitching for Cubs . Izturis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Wuertz pitching for Cubs . Johnson reached on infield single to second . Harris grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Johnson out at second . Renteria grounded out to first , Harris to second . Wickman pitching for Braves . Theriot hit for Wuertz . Jones grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 9th . Wickman pitching for Braves . Theriot popped out to second . Soriano grounded out to second . Pie walked . Lee flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 5 - Braves 9 .	Hudson limps off before Braves end 4 - game skid