Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Clemens pitching for Astros. Counsell singled to center. Cintron grounded out to shortstop, Counsell scored. Gonzalez singled to right. Glaus doubled to deep left center, Gonzalez scored. Green safe at second on error by first baseman Vizcaino, Glaus scored. Clark grounded out to first, Green to third. McCracken struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks. Taveras grounded out to third. Vizcaino flied out to center. Biggio popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Clemens pitching for Astros. Snyder flied out to center. Halsey flied out to left. Counsell grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks. Berkman lined out to second. Ensberg lined out to left. Lane popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Clemens pitching for Astros. Cintron grounded out to pitcher. Gonzalez lined out to second. Glaus grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks. Everett popped out to second. Ausmus flied out to right. Clemens grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Clemens pitching for Astros. Green grounded out to second. Clark walked. McCracken safe at first on error by second baseman Biggio, Clark to second. Snyder struck out looking. Halsey struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 4th. Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks. Taveras grounded out to shortstop. Vizcaino doubled to left. Biggio reached on infield single to shortstop, Vizcaino to third. Berkman grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Biggio out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Clemens pitching for Astros. Counsell grounded out to second. Cintron grounded out to first. Gonzalez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks. Ensberg flied out to right. Lane lined out to left. Everett grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Clemens pitching for Astros. Glaus safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Everett. Green grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Glaus out at second. Clark grounded out to second, Green to second. McCracken walked. Snyder grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 6th. Bruntlett hit for Clemens. Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks. Ausmus singled to left. Bruntlett grounded into double play, second to first, Ausmus out at second. Franco pitching for Astros. Taveras grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Franco pitching for Astros. Halsey struck out swinging. Counsell struck out looking. Cintron singled to right. Qualls pitching for Astros. Gonzalez walked, Cintron to second. Glaus walked, Cintron to third, Gonzalez to second. Green struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks. Vizcaino singled to left center. Biggio grounded into fielder's choice to third, Vizcaino out at second. Berkman singled to left, Biggio to second. Ensberg reached on infield single to third, Biggio to third, Berkman to second. Lane grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Biggio scored, Ensberg out at second, Berkman to third. Wheeler pitching for Astros. Everett grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Wheeler pitching for Astros. Clark walked. McCracken bunted into fielder's choice to third, Clark out at second. Tracy hit for Halsey. Snyder struck out looking, McCracken stole second, McCracken to third on throwing error by catcher Ausmus. Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks. Tracy grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 8th. Palmeiro hit for Wheeler. Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks. Ausmus singled to right center. Palmeiro sacrificed to third, Ausmus to second, Palmeiro safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Glaus. Taveras grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Ausmus out at third, Palmeiro to second. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Vizcaino flied out to center. Burns pitching for Astros. Biggio fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Burns pitching for Astros. Counsell singled to center. Cintron singled to left, Counsell to second. Gonzalez homered to right, Counsell and Cintron scored. Glaus flied out to center. Green singled to left. Clark singled to right, Green to second. McCracken struck out looking. Snyder lined out to center. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 9th. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Berkman struck out swinging. Ensberg lined out to shortstop. Lane struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 6 - Astros 1.	Arizona's Halsey outpitches Clemens