Astros - Top 1st. Wright pitching for Rockies. Taveras doubled to right. Biggio doubled to left, Taveras scored. Berkman singled to left, Biggio scored, Berkman out stretching at second. Ensberg grounded out to shortstop. Lane singled to right. Everett grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Gonzalez grounded out to third. Atkins singled to center. Helton grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Atkins out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Wright pitching for Rockies. Burke singled to center. Chavez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Burke out at second. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Wilson walked. Hawpe singled to right, Wilson to second. Mohr struck out looking. Relaford grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Hawpe out at second, Wilson to third. Ardoin singled to right, Wilson scored, Relaford to second. Wright grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Wright pitching for Rockies. Taveras reached on infield single to second. Biggio lined out to right. Taveras caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Berkman walked. Ensberg singled to center, Berkman to second. Lane safe at first on error by shortstop Relaford, Berkman to third, Ensberg to second. Everett singled to center, Berkman and Ensberg scored, Lane to second. Burke flied out to center. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Gonzalez grounded out to third. Atkins reached on infield single to third. Helton singled to right, Atkins to third, Helton to second advancing on throw. Wilson fouled out to catcher. Hawpe popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Wright pitching for Rockies. Chavez homered to left. Rodriguez reached on infield single to shortstop. Taveras lined out to third. Biggio struck out looking. Berkman homered to right, Rodriguez scored. Ensberg doubled to left. Lane grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Mohr lined out to center. Relaford singled to center. Ardoin struck out swinging. Wright grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Relaford out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Wright pitching for Rockies. Everett hit by pitch. Burke singled to right, Everett to second. Chavez grounded out to third, Everett to third, Burke to second. Rodriguez grounded out to second. Taveras grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Gonzalez flied out to right. Atkins grounded out to second. Helton walked. Wilson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Helton out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Wright pitching for Rockies. Biggio flied out to right. Berkman flied out to center. Ensberg grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Hawpe walked. Mohr struck out looking. Relaford popped out to shortstop. Ardoin grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hawpe out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Wright pitching for Rockies. Lane fouled out to right. Everett reached on infield single to shortstop. Burke singled to center, Everett to third. Chavez hit sacrifice fly to right, Everett scored. Shealy hit for Wright. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Shealy flied out to left. Gonzalez doubled to deep center. Atkins grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher. Springer pitching for Astros. Helton doubled to deep right, Gonzalez scored, Atkins to third. Wilson struck out swinging. Anderson pitching for Rockies. Hawpe struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Taveras singled to center. Biggio singled to left, Taveras to second. Berkman grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Biggio out at second, Taveras to third. Ensberg walked. Lane homered to left, Taveras and Ensberg scored. Harville pitching for Astros. Everett flied out to center. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Harville pitching for Astros. Mohr lined out to left. Relaford lined out to left. Piedra hit for Anderson. Ardoin hit by pitch. Piedra hit ground rule double to deep center, Ardoin to third. Gonzalez reached on infield single to shortstop, Ardoin scored, Piedra to third. Atkins hit by pitch, Gonzalez to second. Sullivan hit for Wilson. Helton safe at first on error by third baseman Ensberg, Piedra and Gonzalez scored, Atkins to third. Wheeler pitching for Astros. Palmeiro in right field. Sullivan walked, Helton to second. Sullivan in center field. Seay pitching for Rockies. Mohr in right field. Piedra in left field. Hawpe struck out looking. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Seay pitching for Rockies. Burke walked. Chavez flied out to center. Palmeiro struck out swinging. Taveras grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Wheeler pitching for Astros. Mohr struck out swinging. Relaford singled to center. Relaford to second on fielder's indifference. Ardoin struck out swinging. Piedra lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 11 - Rockies 5.	Astros get 12th straight win vs. Rockies' Wright