Astros - Top 1st. Williams pitching for Pirates. Taveras reached on infield single to third. Biggio lined out to shortstop. Berkman lined out to left. Taveras caught stealing second, pitcher to first to second. Ensberg batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Backe pitching for Astros. Duffy reached on infield single to second. Lawton walked, Duffy to second. Bay walked, Duffy to third, Lawton to second. Mackowiak struck out swinging. Castillo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Duffy scored, Bay out at second, Lawton to third. Ward popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Williams pitching for Pirates. Ensberg hit by pitch. Lane struck out swinging. Everett struck out swinging. Burke struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Backe pitching for Astros. Doumit lined out to center. Wilson singled to left. Williams sacrificed to third, Wilson to second. Duffy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Williams pitching for Pirates. Quintero grounded out to shortstop. Backe hit ground rule double to deep right. Taveras flied out to right. Biggio flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Backe pitching for Astros. Lawton reached on infield single to shortstop. Bay struck out looking. Mackowiak flied out to center. Castillo struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Williams pitching for Pirates. Berkman singled to left. Ensberg grounded into double play, third to second to first, Berkman out at second. Lane singled to left. Everett singled to left, Lane to second. Burke reached on infield single to third, Lane to third, Everett to second. Quintero doubled to left, Lane, Everett and Burke scored, Quintero to third on error by catcher Doumit. Backe tripled to deep right, Quintero scored. Taveras struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Backe pitching for Astros. Ward fouled out to third. Doumit flied out to center. Wilson walked. Williams walked, Wilson to second. Duffy grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Williams out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Williams pitching for Pirates. Biggio struck out swinging. Berkman grounded out to pitcher. Ensberg doubled to deep left. Lane grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Backe pitching for Astros. Lawton fouled out to third. Bay walked. Mackowiak walked, Bay to second. Castillo struck out swinging. Ward flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Williams pitching for Pirates. Everett walked. Mackowiak at first base. Torres pitching for Pirates. Sanchez at third base. Burke reached on bunt single to third, Everett to second. Quintero sacrificed to pitcher, Everett to third, Burke to second. Backe grounded out to pitcher. Everett scored, Burke to third on passed ball by Doumit. Taveras grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Backe pitching for Astros. Doumit grounded out to second. Wilson struck out swinging. Sanchez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Torres pitching for Pirates. Biggio grounded out to third. Berkman doubled to deep left. Ensberg intentionally walked. Lane singled to shallow right, Berkman to third, Ensberg to second. Everett grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Berkman out at home, Ensberg to third, Lane to second. Burke singled to shallow right center, Ensberg and Lane scored, Everett to third. Gallo pitching for Astros. Bruntlett at shortstop. Quintero struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Gallo pitching for Astros. Duffy singled to left. Lawton grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Duffy out at second. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Restovich in right field. Bay flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Bruntlett flied out to center. Taveras reached on infield single to first. Biggio struck out looking. Berkman walked, Taveras to second. Burns pitching for Astros. Vizcaino at second base. Ensberg grounded into fielder's choice to third, Taveras out at third, Berkman to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Burns pitching for Astros. Mackowiak fouled out to third. Redman hit for Restovich. Castillo singled to right center. Redman grounded out to first, Castillo to second. Redman in right field. Doumit grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Lane hit ground rule double to deep left center. Vizcaino flied out to left. Burke walked. Quintero singled to center, Lane scored, Burke to second, Burke to third, Quintero to second on throwing error by center fielder Duffy. Bruntlett grounded out to shortstop. Lamb hit for Burns. Taveras hit by pitch. Lamb walked, Burke scored, Quintero to third, Taveras to second. Berkman singled to center, Quintero and Taveras scored, Lamb to second. Ensberg walked, Lamb to third, Berkman to second. Meadows pitching for Pirates. Lamb at third base. Palmeiro in left field. Harville pitching for Astros. Vizcaino at first base. Burke at second base. Lane popped out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Harville pitching for Astros. Wilson singled to center. Sanchez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Wilson out at second. Duffy grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 11 - Pirates 1.	Astros break out of funk, clobber Pirates