Astros - Top 1st. Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Taveras bunt grounded out to pitcher. Biggio grounded out to shortstop. Lamb struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Astacio pitching for Astros. Counsell walked. Tracy grounded out to second, Counsell to second. Gonzalez walked. Glaus flied out to center, Counsell to third. Green grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Ensberg singled to left center. Lane singled to center, Ensberg to second. Everett singled to right, Ensberg to third, Lane to second. Burke hit sacrifice fly to center, Ensberg scored, Lane to third. Ausmus grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Everett out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Astacio pitching for Astros. Jackson grounded out to third. Clayton grounded out to third. Snyder flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Astacio struck out swinging. Taveras grounded out to second. Biggio grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Astacio pitching for Astros. Vazquez grounded out to second. Counsell reached on infield single to pitcher. Tracy flied out to right. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Lamb singled to left. Ensberg walked, Lamb to second. Lane flied out to left. Everett struck out swinging, Lamb to third on wild pitch by Vazquez. Burke fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Astacio pitching for Astros. Glaus grounded out to third. Green reached on infield single to shortstop. Jackson reached on infield single to third, Green to second. Clayton singled to left center, Green to third, Jackson to second. Snyder struck out swinging. Vazquez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Ausmus singled to right. Astacio sacrificed to pitcher, Ausmus to second. Taveras walked. Biggio struck out swinging. Lamb grounded into fielder's choice to second, Taveras out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Astacio pitching for Astros. Counsell flied out to right. Tracy walked. Gonzalez flied out to left. Glaus popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Ensberg homered to center. Lane singled to left, Lane to second on error by left fielder Gonzalez. Everett struck out swinging. Burke safe at first on error by third baseman Glaus. Palmeiro hit for Astacio. Ausmus grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Burke out at second, Lane to third. Palmeiro doubled to right, Lane scored, Ausmus to third. Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks. Taveras reached on infield single to first, Ausmus scored, Palmeiro scored on throwing error by first baseman Jackson. Springer pitching for Astros. Biggio grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 3 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Springer pitching for Astros. Green grounded out to second. Jackson popped out to second. Clayton reached on infield single to third. Groom pitching for Diamondbacks. Snyder struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Groom pitching for Diamondbacks. Lamb flied out to right. Ensberg grounded out to third. Burns pitching for Astros. McCracken hit for Groom. Lane flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Burns pitching for Astros. McCracken fouled out to third. Counsell singled to left. Tracy flied out to right. Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks. Everett hit by pitch. Everett stole second. Burke lined out to second. Vizcaino hit for Burns. Ausmus grounded out to first, Everett to third. Vizcaino singled to left, Everett scored. Wheeler pitching for Astros. Taveras struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Wheeler pitching for Astros. Glaus struck out swinging. Green safe at first on error by third baseman Ensberg. Worrell pitching for Diamondbacks. Jackson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Green out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 9th. Worrell pitching for Diamondbacks. Biggio struck out looking. Lamb reached on infield single to pitcher. Ensberg singled to center, Lamb to second. Lane struck out swinging. Everett doubled to deep left, Lamb scored, Ensberg to third. Harville pitching for Astros. Bruntlett at second base. Burke struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Cintron hit for Snyder. Harville pitching for Astros. Clayton grounded out to second. Clark hit for Worrell. Cintron grounded out to shortstop. Clark struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 7 - Diamondbacks 0.	Five Astros combine on six-hit shutout of D-Backs