Marlins - Top 1st. Clemens pitching for Astros. Castillo walked. Conine singled to center, Castillo to third. Cabrera grounded out to third, Castillo scored, Conine to second. Delgado grounded out to first, Conine to third. Encarnacion walked. Easley popped out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Biggio grounded out to shortstop. Palmeiro grounded out to shortstop. Lamb struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Clemens pitching for Astros. Pierre grounded out to second. Lo Duca struck out swinging. Burnett struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Berkman singled to center. Lane walked, Berkman to second. Burke struck out swinging. Everett singled to left, Berkman to third, Lane to second. Ausmus walked, Berkman scored, Lane to third, Everett to second. Clemens walked, Lane scored, Everett to third, Ausmus to second. Biggio singled to left, Everett scored, Ausmus to third, Clemens to second. Palmeiro flied out to right. Gipson in center field. Lamb popped out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Clemens pitching for Astros. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. Conine singled to center. Cabrera flied out to center. Delgado struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Berkman fouled out to third. Lane flied out to center. Gipson doubled to left. Everett struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Clemens pitching for Astros. Encarnacion flied out to right. Easley struck out swinging. Pierre flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Ausmus grounded out to shortstop. Clemens grounded out to second. Biggio struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Clemens pitching for Astros. Lo Duca singled to center. Burnett bunt grounded out to first. Castillo lined into double play, pitcher to first, Burnett out at first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Palmeiro grounded out to first. Lamb singled to right. Berkman reached on infield single to shortstop, Lamb to second. Lane popped out to first. Gipson walked, Lamb to third, Berkman to second. Everett flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Clemens pitching for Astros. Conine flied out to right. Cabrera grounded out to pitcher. Delgado lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Ausmus struck out looking. Clemens walked. Biggio grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Clemens out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Clemens pitching for Astros. Encarnacion grounded out to third. Easley singled to right. Pierre singled to right, Easley to second. Qualls pitching for Astros. Villone pitching for Marlins. Lo Duca grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pierre out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Villone pitching for Marlins. Palmeiro flied out to center. Lamb tripled to deep center. Berkman walked. Encarnacion in center field. Messenger pitching for Marlins. Hermida in right field. Lane singled to center, Lamb scored, Berkman to second. Gipson singled to left center, Berkman scored, Lane to third. Everett sacrificed to pitcher, Lane scored, Gipson to second. Vizcaino hit for Qualls. Ausmus intentionally walked. Wheeler pitching for Astros. Vizcaino struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Wheeler pitching for Astros. Hermida fouled out to third. Castillo singled to center. Resop pitching for Marlins. Willingham catching. Conine grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Castillo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Resop pitching for Marlins. Biggio walked. Palmeiro grounded out to first, Biggio to second. Lamb singled to left, Biggio scored. Berkman walked, Lamb to second. Bagwell hit for Gipson. Lane singled to center, Lamb scored, Berkman to second. Bagwell walked, Berkman to third, Lane to second. Quantrill pitching for Marlins. Chavez hit for Ausmus. Everett doubled to left, Berkman and Lane scored, Bagwell to third. Quintero hit for Wheeler. Chavez popped out to third. Bruntlett at second base. Jimerson in center field. Burns pitching for Astros. Chavez catching. Quintero at first base. Quintero grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Burns pitching for Astros. Cabrera flied out to right. Delgado walked. Delgado to second on wild pitch by Burns. Encarnacion hit by pitch. Lowell hit for Quantrill. Easley grounded into fielder's choice to third, Delgado scored on error by second baseman Bruntlett, Encarnacion safe at second on error by second baseman Bruntlett. Lowell flied out to right. Willingham grounded out to first. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 2 - Astros 10.	Rocket honors mom, gets win as Astros rout Marlins