Reds - Top 1st. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Freel walked. Jimenez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Freel out at second. Casey lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Belisle pitching for Reds. Eckstein grounded out to shortstop. Walker grounded out to first. Pujols grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Randa singled to right center. Kearns grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Randa out at second. Pena reached on infield single to pitcher. Aurilia flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Belisle pitching for Reds. Rolen struck out looking. Edmonds homered to left. Sanders struck out swinging. Grudzielanek grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. LaRue struck out swinging. Belisle grounded out to shortstop. Freel hit ground rule double to right. Jimenez singled to center, Freel scored. Casey reached on infield single to shortstop, Jimenez to second. Randa singled to left, Jimenez scored, Casey to second. Kearns grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Randa out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Belisle pitching for Reds. Molina singled to left. Mulder grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Molina out at second. Eckstein struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Pena grounded out to third. Aurilia lined out to shortstop. LaRue grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Belisle pitching for Reds. Walker walked. Pujols singled to right, Walker to second. Rolen flied out to center. Edmonds struck out looking. Sanders flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Belisle struck out swinging. Freel struck out swinging. Jimenez singled to center. Casey doubled to left, Jimenez to third. Randa reached on infield single to shortstop, Jimenez scored, Casey to third. Kearns homered to right center, Casey and Randa scored. Pena doubled to deep center. Aurilia flied out to left. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Belisle pitching for Reds. Grudzielanek struck out swinging. Mabry hit for Mulder. Molina grounded out to second. Marquis ran for Mabry. Mabry singled to right. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Eckstein struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 6th. Cruz hit for Belisle. Flores pitching for Cardinals. LaRue struck out swinging. Cruz struck out swinging. Weathers pitching for Reds. Freel grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Weathers pitching for Reds. Walker walked. Pujols flied out to left. Walker to second on wild pitch by Weathers. Rolen lined out to first. Edmonds walked. Sanders homered to right, Walker and Edmonds scored. Grudzielanek grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Jimenez singled to right. Tavarez pitching for Cardinals. Nunez at second base. Casey walked, Jimenez to second. Randa struck out swinging. Freel in right field. Wagner pitching for Reds. Dunn in left field. Kearns grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Casey out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Wagner pitching for Reds. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Nunez flied out to center. Eckstein singled to right. Walker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. Tavarez pitching for Cardinals. Pena struck out swinging. Aurilia struck out swinging. King pitching for Cardinals. LaRue singled to center. Dunn grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Wagner pitching for Reds. Pujols grounded out to third. Rolen flied out to center. Edmonds doubled to deep left. Sanders struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. King pitching for Cardinals. Freel singled to left. Luna at second base. Jimenez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Freel safe at second on error by second baseman Nunez. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Taguchi in left field. Casey singled to left center, Freel to third, Jimenez to second. Griffey Jr hit for Wagner. Randa grounded into fielder's choice to third, Freel out at home, Jimenez to third, Casey to second. Graves pitching for Reds. Griffey Jr grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Randa out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Cedeno hit for Molina. Graves pitching for Reds. Taguchi walked. Cedeno flied out to center. Luna singled to left, Taguchi to second. Eckstein hit ground rule double to deep left, Taguchi scored, Luna to third. Walker intentionally walked. Pujols grounded into double play, third to first, Eckstein out at third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 6 - Cardinals 5.	Cards' Mulder roughed up again as Reds hang on in 9th