Padres - Top 1st. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Roberts fouled out to third. Loretta grounded out to shortstop. Klesko struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Lawrence pitching for Padres. Eckstein walked. Walker popped out to second. Pujols grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Eckstein out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Nevin singled to right. Giles singled to right, Nevin to second. Hernandez lined out to, Giles tagged out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Lawrence pitching for Padres. Edmonds singled to right. Rolen grounded out to third, Edmonds to second. Sanders doubled to left, Edmonds scored. Sanders caught stealing third, catcher to third. Grudzielanek walked. Molina lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Burroughs grounded out to second. Jackson walked. Jackson picked off first. Lawrence reached on infield single to second. Roberts struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Lawrence pitching for Padres. Morris struck out swinging. Eckstein flied out to center. Walker singled to center. Pujols walked, Walker to second. Edmonds grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Loretta popped out to first. Klesko singled to right. Nevin safe at first on error by second baseman Grudzielanek, Klesko to third. Giles homered to right, Klesko and Nevin scored. Hernandez grounded out to shortstop. Burroughs struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Lawrence pitching for Padres. Rolen grounded out to third. Sanders struck out looking. Grudzielanek flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Jackson grounded out to second. Lawrence walked. Roberts doubled to right, Lawrence to third. Loretta flied out to center. Klesko fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Lawrence pitching for Padres. Molina fouled out to catcher. Morris grounded out to pitcher. Eckstein struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Nevin grounded out to shortstop. Giles lined out to third. Hernandez lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Lawrence pitching for Padres. Walker flied out to center. Pujols doubled to deep right. Edmonds struck out swinging. Rolen walked. Sanders grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Burroughs struck out swinging. Jackson struck out swinging. Lawrence flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Lawrence pitching for Padres. Grudzielanek homered to left. Cedeno hit for Morris. Molina singled to center. Cedeno grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Molina out at second. Eckstein singled to left, Cedeno to second. Walker grounded into fielder's choice to first, Eckstein out at second, Cedeno to third, Cedeno scored, Walker to second on throwing error by shortstop Jackson. Pujols walked. Hammond pitching for Padres. Edmonds walked, Walker to third, Pujols to second. King pitching for Cardinals. Rolen popped out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Top 8th. King pitching for Cardinals. Roberts grounded out to second. Loretta singled to left, Loretta to second on throwing error by pitcher King. Klesko grounded out to second, Loretta to third. Nevin walked. Giles singled to center, Loretta scored, Nevin to third. Jarvis pitching for Cardinals. Hernandez singled to right, Nevin scored, Giles to second. Burroughs walked, Giles to third, Hernandez to second. Burroughs picked off first. St Louis's King ejected by Carlson in the 8th. Garcia at shortstop. Jackson in left field. Jackson batting. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Hammond pitching for Padres. Sanders grounded out to third. Grudzielanek grounded out to third. Molina grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Sweeney hit for Hammond. Pulsipher pitching for Cardinals. Ojeda hit for Sweeney. Jackson hit by pitch. Ojeda singled to center, Jackson to second. Roberts sacrificed to pitcher, Jackson to third, Ojeda to second. Loretta intentionally walked. Garcia singled to left, Jackson scored, Ojeda to third, Loretta to second. Nevin hit sacrifice fly to center, Ojeda scored, Loretta to third. Giles singled to left, Loretta scored, Garcia to second. Reyes pitching for Padres. Taguchi hit for Pulsipher. Hernandez flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Reyes pitching for Padres. Taguchi grounded out to third. Eckstein grounded out to third. Walker walked. Pujols grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 8 - Cardinals 3.	St. Louis turns triple play, but victory not in Cards