Cardinals - Top 1st. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Eckstein singled to right. Eckstein to second on balk by Rodriguez. Edmonds struck out looking. Pujols flied out to center. Sanders doubled to deep left center, Eckstein scored. Grudzielanek struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Taveras grounded out to third. Burke popped out to second. Biggio grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Walker struck out looking. Seabol walked. Molina grounded into double play, third to second to first, Seabol out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Berkman grounded out to first. Ensberg homered to left. Lane grounded out to shortstop. Everett grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Marquis singled to center. Eckstein singled to left, Marquis to third, Eckstein to second advancing on throw. Edmonds lined out to pitcher. Pujols intentionally walked. Sanders homered to left, Marquis, Eckstein and Pujols scored. Grudzielanek singled to center. Walker tripled to deep right center, Grudzielanek scored. Seabol singled to right, Walker scored. Molina struck out looking. Backe pitching for Astros. Marquis homered to right, Seabol scored. Eckstein popped out to shortstop. 8 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Quintero lined out to second. Backe flied out to right. Taveras grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Backe pitching for Astros. Edmonds grounded out to second. Pujols walked. Sanders walked, Pujols to second. Grudzielanek flied out to right. Mabry in right field. Walker grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Burke doubled to left. Biggio safe at first on error by third baseman Seabol, Burke to third. Berkman reached on infield single to second, Burke scored, Biggio to second. Ensberg singled to center, Biggio to third, Berkman to second. Lane grounded into double play, third to second to first, Biggio scored, Ensberg out at second, Berkman to third. Everett singled to left, Berkman scored. Quintero grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 5th. Backe pitching for Astros. Seabol grounded out to shortstop. Molina grounded out to third. Marquis singled to center. Eckstein walked, Marquis to second. Harville pitching for Astros. Edmonds walked, Marquis to third, Eckstein to second. Pujols lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Harville struck out swinging. Taveras reached on infield single to pitcher, Taveras to second on error by pitcher Marquis. Burke doubled to left center, Taveras scored. Burke caught stealing third, catcher to third. Biggio grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 6th. Harville pitching for Astros. Sanders doubled to deep left center. Grudzielanek flied out to center, Sanders to third. Nunez hit for Seabol. Mabry walked. Nunez singled to left, Sanders scored, Mabry to second. Nunez at third base. Molina grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Nunez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Berkman flied out to center. Ensberg singled to left. Lane flied out to left. Everett singled to center, Ensberg to third. Lamb hit for Harville. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Quintero singled to right, Ensberg scored, Everett to third. Franco pitching for Astros. Cedeno hit for Flores. Lamb lined out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Franco pitching for Astros. Cedeno grounded out to second. Eckstein grounded out to second. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Edmonds struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Taveras grounded out to second. Burke hit by pitch. Biggio grounded into fielder's choice to third, Burke out at second. Berkman homered to left, Biggio scored. Qualls pitching for Astros. Ensberg flied out to left. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Qualls pitching for Astros. Pujols homered to left. Sanders doubled to deep left center. Grudzielanek lined out to first. Mabry grounded out to shortstop. Nunez grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Lane tripled to deep center. Everett hit sacrifice fly to center, Lane scored. Self hit for Qualls. Quintero grounded out to second. Springer pitching for Astros. Self struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Taguchi hit for Reyes. Springer pitching for Astros. Molina grounded out to second. Taguchi grounded out to third. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Palmeiro hit for Taveras. Eckstein struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 9th. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Palmeiro grounded out to second. Burke grounded out to second. Biggio struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 11 - Astros 9.	Cards score eight in third, hang on for win