Brewers - Top 1st. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Clark lined out to second. Weeks tripled to deep right. Overbay grounded into fielder's choice to third, Weeks scored, Overbay to second on throwing error by third baseman Rolen. Lee singled to center, Overbay scored. Jenkins grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Lee out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Nunez grounded out to second. Taguchi flied out to right. Pujols doubled to deep left. Rolen flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Miller singled to left. Branyan singled to right, Miller to second. Hardy popped out to shortstop. Capuano bunted into double play, catcher to third to first, Miller out at third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Grudzielanek grounded out to third. Luna lined out to second. Rodriguez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Clark safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Nunez. Weeks grounded out to first, Clark to third. Overbay grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Clark scored. Lee walked, Overbay to second. Jenkins singled to right, Overbay scored, Lee to third. Miller grounded into double play, third to second to first, Jenkins out at second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Mahoney hit by pitch. Mahoney to second on balk by Capuano. Marquis struck out swinging. Nunez flied out to center. Taguchi flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Branyan grounded out to first. Hardy doubled to deep left center. Capuano singled to center, Hardy scored. Clark flied out to left. Weeks struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Pujols singled to left. Rolen struck out swinging. Grudzielanek walked, Pujols to second. Luna flied out to right. Rodriguez walked, Pujols to third, Grudzielanek to second. Mahoney singled to right, Pujols and Grudzielanek scored, Rodriguez to third. Marquis singled to right, Rodriguez scored, Mahoney to third. Nunez grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Overbay singled to center. Lee walked, Overbay to second. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Jenkins singled to center, Overbay scored, Lee to third. Miller grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lee scored, Jenkins out at second. Branyan homered to right center. Hardy grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Taguchi hit ground rule double to deep center. Pujols singled to left, Taguchi scored. Rolen flied out to right, Pujols to second. Grudzielanek struck out swinging. Luna grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Capuano grounded out to pitcher. Clark grounded out to third. Weeks walked. Overbay grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Rodriguez singled to right. Mahoney lined out to left. Wise pitching for Brewers. Thompson safe at first on error by second baseman Weeks, Rodriguez to second. Nunez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Thompson out at second, Rodriguez to third. Taguchi flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 7th. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Lee grounded out to third. Jenkins walked. Miller doubled to right, Jenkins to third. Branyan intentionally walked. Hardy grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jenkins scored, Branyan out at second, Miller to third. Wise singled to left, Miller scored, Hardy to second. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Clark singled to left, Hardy scored, Wise to second. Weeks hit by pitch, Wise to third, Clark to second. Overbay flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Mabry hit for Rolen. Wise pitching for Brewers. Pujols grounded out to third. Mabry struck out swinging. Diaz at first base. Mabry in right field. Luna at third base. Grudzielanek grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Lee flied out to right. Jenkins homered to left center. Miller flied out to right. Durrington at third base. Magruder in right field. Branyan in left field. Branyan struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Wise pitching for Brewers. Luna doubled to left. Rodriguez grounded out to second, Luna to third. Eckstein hit for Flores. Mahoney safe at first on error by third baseman Durrington, Luna scored. Eckstein flied out to right. King pitching for Cardinals. Nunez grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 9th. Helms hit for Wise. King pitching for Cardinals. Hardy walked. Helms grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hardy out at second. Lehr pitching for Brewers. Clark popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Lehr pitching for Brewers. Taguchi safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Durrington. Diaz grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Taguchi out at second. Mabry singled to center. Grudzielanek safe at first on error by third baseman Durrington, Mabry to second. Luna doubled to deep center, Mabry and Grudzielanek scored. Rodriguez grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Final score: Brewers 12 - Cardinals 7.	Capuano keeps rolling as Brewers beat Cardinals