Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Clayton struck out swinging. Cintron reached on infield single to shortstop. Gonzalez grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Cintron out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Eckstein grounded out to shortstop. Nunez grounded out to second. Pujols doubled to left. Edmonds grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Glaus singled to left. Jackson grounded into double play, third to second to first, Glaus out at second. Tracy grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Mabry doubled to center. Grudzielanek reached on bunt single to second, Mabry scored on error by first baseman Jackson. Taguchi grounded into fielder's choice to second, Grudzielanek out at second. Diaz grounded into double play, third to second to first, Taguchi out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Terrero lined out to center. Snyder walked. Webb struck out bunting foul. Clayton reached on bunt single to third, Snyder to second. Cintron flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Mulder grounded out to shortstop. Eckstein grounded out to third. Nunez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Glaus walked. Jackson flied out to right. Glaus caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Tracy batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. Edmonds doubled to deep right center. Mabry homered to left, Edmonds scored. Grudzielanek struck out swinging. Taguchi reached on infield single to shortstop. Diaz grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Tracy struck out swinging. Terrero grounded out to third. Snyder flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Mulder singled to right. Eckstein singled to right, Mulder to second. Nunez struck out swinging. Pujols grounded into double play, third to first, Mulder out at third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Webb grounded out to third. Clayton grounded out to third. Cintron grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Edmonds walked. Mabry grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Edmonds out at second. Grudzielanek flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Gonzalez singled to center. Glaus singled to left center, Gonzalez to second. Jackson grounded into double play, third to second to first, Glaus out at second, Gonzalez to third. Tracy grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Taguchi singled to left. Diaz sacrificed to first, Taguchi to second. Mulder singled to center, Taguchi scored, Mulder to second on error by center fielder Terrero. Eckstein singled to shallow right, Mulder to third. Nunez sacrificed to first, Mulder scored, Eckstein to second. Groom pitching for Diamondbacks. Pujols intentionally walked. Edmonds walked, Eckstein to third, Pujols to second. Mabry struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Terrero grounded out to third. McCracken hit for Groom. Snyder grounded out to shortstop. Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks. McCracken grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks. Grudzielanek lined out to pitcher. Taguchi grounded out to shortstop. Diaz flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Clayton struck out swinging. Cintron grounded out to second. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 0 - Cardinals 5.	Win gives Cardinals majors' best record