Cardinals - Top 1st. Valdez pitching for Marlins. Eckstein singled to center. Walker flied out to center. Pujols struck out swinging, Eckstein stole second. Edmonds grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Pierre singled to right center. Castillo grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Pierre out at second. Cabrera flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Valdez pitching for Marlins. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Grudzielanek grounded out to shortstop. Nunez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Delgado flied out to right. Encarnacion popped out to second. Lowell singled to left. Gonzalez singled to center, Lowell to second. Treanor singled to left center, Lowell scored, Gonzalez to third. Valdez grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Valdez pitching for Marlins. Molina hit ground rule double to deep right. Morris sacrificed to third, Molina to third. Eckstein grounded out to third. Walker grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Pierre singled to center. Castillo singled to left, Pierre to second. Cabrera homered to left, Pierre and Castillo scored. Delgado grounded out to second. Encarnacion grounded out to third. Lowell struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Valdez pitching for Marlins. Pujols walked. Edmonds singled to right, Pujols to third. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Pujols scored, Edmonds out at second. Grudzielanek flied out to center. Rodriguez stole second, Rodriguez safe at third on throwing error by catcher Treanor. Nunez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Gonzalez flied out to center. Treanor flied out to right. Valdez safe at first on error by third baseman Nunez. Pierre grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Valdez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 5th. Valdez pitching for Marlins. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Morris struck out looking. Eckstein grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera struck out swinging. Delgado flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Valdez pitching for Marlins. Walker singled to center. Pujols struck out swinging. Edmonds lined out to second. Rodriguez singled to right, Walker to second. Grudzielanek homered to left, Walker and Rodriguez scored. Nunez flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Encarnacion flied out to center. Lowell popped out to third. Mota pitching for Marlins. Gonzalez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Mota pitching for Marlins. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Morris struck out looking. Eckstein flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Treanor fouled out to catcher. Mota struck out looking. Pierre flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Mota pitching for Marlins. Walker struck out swinging. Pujols walked. Pujols stole second. Edmonds walked. Pujols stole third, Edmonds stole second. Rodriguez intentionally walked. Grudzielanek grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pujols scored, Edmonds out at third, Rodriguez to second. Nunez grounded out to first. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Taguchi in left field. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Castillo reached on bunt single to third. King pitching for Cardinals. Cabrera singled to deep right, Castillo to third. Tavarez pitching for Cardinals. Aguila ran for Delgado. Delgado tripled to deep right center, Castillo and Cabrera scored. Encarnacion hit sacrifice fly to right, Aguila scored. Lowell walked. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Lo Duca hit for Treanor. Gonzalez flied out to left. Jones pitching for Marlins. Lo Duca catching. Conine at first base. Lo Duca fouled out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Mabry hit for Flores. Jones pitching for Marlins. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Mabry homered to right. Eckstein grounded out to shortstop. Walker lined out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 6 - Marlins 7.	Marlins scramble back on Delgado's triple to clip Cardinals