Cardinals - Top 1st. Clemens pitching for Astros. Eckstein flied out to center. Grudzielanek grounded out to pitcher. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Taveras flied out to center. Biggio singled to left. Ensberg struck out swinging. Berkman doubled to right, Biggio thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Clemens pitching for Astros. Edmonds struck out swinging. Walker grounded out to first. Taguchi singled to center. Molina walked, Taguchi to second. Nunez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Molina out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Lamb doubled to left. Scott doubled to deep center, Lamb scored. Everett singled to right, Scott to third. Ausmus grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Scott out at home, Everett to second. Clemens struck out looking. Taveras flied out to center. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Clemens pitching for Astros. Carpenter flied out to right. Eckstein flied out to center. Grudzielanek popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Biggio struck out swinging. Ensberg walked. Berkman grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Ensberg out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Clemens pitching for Astros. Pujols singled to center. Edmonds grounded out to first, Pujols to second. Walker walked. Pujols to third, Walker to second on wild pitch by Clemens. Taguchi grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pujols scored, Walker to third. Molina reached on infield single to third, Walker scored, Taguchi to second. Nunez flied out to center. Carpenter struck out looking. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Lamb grounded out to pitcher. Scott lined out to second. Everett struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Clemens pitching for Astros. Eckstein flied out to left. Grudzielanek grounded out to second. Pujols reached on infield single to third. Edmonds grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Burke hit for Clemens. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Ausmus singled to left. Burke flied out to center. Taveras struck out swinging. Biggio hit by pitch, Ausmus to second. Strickland pitching for Astros. Ensberg grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Biggio out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Strickland pitching for Astros. Walker grounded out to first. Taguchi popped out to shortstop. Molina grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Berkman homered to left. Lamb grounded out to second. Scott walked. Everett singled to right, Scott to second. Vizcaino hit for Strickland. Ausmus grounded out to second, Scott to third, Everett to second. Springer pitching for Astros. Vizcaino grounded out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Springer pitching for Astros. Nunez singled to left center. Carpenter sacrificed to catcher, Nunez to second. Eckstein grounded out to second, Nunez to third. Grudzielanek doubled to center, Nunez scored. Gallo pitching for Astros. Pujols intentionally walked. Edmonds singled to left, Grudzielanek scored, Pujols out at second. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Taveras bunt grounded out to third. Biggio grounded out to third. Ensberg grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Gallo pitching for Astros. Walker singled to right. Wheeler pitching for Astros. Taguchi singled to left, Walker to third. Molina singled to left center, Walker scored, Taguchi to second. Nunez lined into double play, second to shortstop, Taguchi doubled off second. Carpenter struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Berkman flied out to center. Lamb popped out to shortstop. Driskill pitching for Astros. Scott struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Driskill pitching for Astros. Eckstein singled to left. Grudzielanek struck out swinging. Pujols flied out to center. Edmonds struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 9th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Everett struck out swinging. Palmeiro hit for Driskill. Ausmus grounded out to shortstop. Palmeiro struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 4 - Astros 2.	Rocket injured as Carpenter wins 20th for Cards