Pirates - Top 1st. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. McLouth struck out looking. Sanchez grounded out to third. Bay grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Redman pitching for Pirates. Eckstein flied out to center. Edmonds struck out swinging. Taguchi struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Wilson hit by pitch. Cota singled to right, Wilson to third. Wigginton singled to center, Wilson scored, Cota to second. Eldred singled to center, Cota to third, Wigginton to second. Mackowiak reached on infield single to third, Cota scored, Wigginton to third, Eldred to second. Redman grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Wigginton out at home, Eldred to third, Mackowiak to second. McLouth struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Redman pitching for Pirates. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Sanders grounded out to third. Seabol grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Sanchez doubled to deep left. Bay grounded out to pitcher. Wilson flied out to center. Cota struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Redman pitching for Pirates. Nunez grounded out to shortstop. Luna hit by pitch. Mulder struck out looking. Eckstein singled to center, Luna to second. Edmonds flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Wigginton singled to left. Eldred doubled to deep center, Wigginton thrown out at home. Eldred to third on wild pitch by Mulder. Mackowiak walked. Redman sacrificed to pitcher, Mackowiak to second. McLouth hit by pitch. Sanchez grounded into fielder's choice to third, McLouth out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Redman pitching for Pirates. Taguchi singled to left. Molina grounded out to second, Taguchi to second. Sanders grounded out to first, Taguchi to third. Taguchi scored on Cota's passed ball. Seabol struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Bay grounded out to shortstop. Wilson hit by pitch. Cota grounded into fielder's choice to second, Wilson out at second. Redman in center field. Wigginton flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Redman pitching for Pirates. Nunez walked. Luna flied out to right. Mulder bunted into fielder's choice to third, Nunez out at second. Eckstein grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Eldred grounded out to shortstop. Wells hit for Redman. Mackowiak flied out to center. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Wells grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Edmonds lined out to second. Taguchi grounded out to shortstop. Molina grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Redman grounded out to first. Sanchez grounded out to shortstop. Bay singled to left. Wilson singled to center, Bay to second. Cota flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Schumaker ran for Sanders. Mabry hit for Seabol. Mesa pitching for Pirates. Sanders walked. Mabry singled to left, Schumaker to second. Nunez sacrificed to pitcher, Schumaker to third, Mabry to second. Pujols hit for Mulder. Luna hit sacrifice fly to right, Schumaker scored, Mabry to third. Wainwright ran for Pujols. Pujols singled to right, Mabry scored. Schumaker in left field. Mabry at first base. Tavarez pitching for Cardinals. Eckstein grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Tavarez pitching for Cardinals. Wigginton hit ground rule double to deep left. Eldred singled to left, Wigginton to third. King pitching for Cardinals. Restovich hit for Mesa. Mackowiak grounded out to pitcher, Wigginton scored, Eldred to second. Restovich popped out to first. Torres pitching for Pirates. Redman flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Torres pitching for Pirates. Edmonds struck out swinging. Taguchi grounded out to shortstop. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Molina flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Sanchez struck out swinging. Bay popped out to third. Wilson grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Torres pitching for Pirates. Schumaker doubled to deep right center. Mabry sacrificed to pitcher, Schumaker to third. Rodriguez hit for Luna. Nunez intentionally walked. Rodriguez singled to deep left, Schumaker scored, Nunez to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 3 - Cardinals 4.	Cardinals win, cut magic number to four