Nationals - Top 1st . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Espinosa popped out to third . Desmond struck out looking . Werth walked . Werth stole second . LaRoche struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Rollins grounded out to third . Victorino grounded out to second . Polanco lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Morse singled to right . Hairston Jr. flied out to left . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Morse out at second . Bixler grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rodriguez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Howard struck out looking . Francisco flied out to left . Ibanez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Hernandez grounded out to pitcher . Espinosa struck out swinging . Desmond grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Orr fouled out to first . Schneider lined out to pitcher . Hamels tripled to deep right center . Rollins singled to center , Hamels scored . Victorino singled to center , Rollins to second . Rollins stole third , Victorino stole second . Polanco struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Werth grounded out to third . LaRoche lined out to right . Morse struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Howard singled to deep right . Francisco lined out to center . Ibanez hit ground rule double to deep center , Howard to third . Orr intentionally walked . Schneider grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Orr out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Hairston Jr. lined out to shortstop . Rodriguez doubled to deep right center . Bixler flied out to center . Hernandez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Hamels struck out swinging . Rollins tripled to deep right . Victorino walked . Polanco hit sacrifice fly to right , Rollins scored , Victorino to second . Howard intentionally walked . Francisco walked , Victorino to third , Howard to second . Ibanez fouled out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Espinosa reached on infield single to shortstop . Desmond grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Espinosa out at second . Werth fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Orr singled to right center . Schneider singled to center , Orr to second . Hamels bunted into fielder 's choice to third , Orr out at third , Schneider to second . Rollins grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hamels out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Hamels pitching for Phillies . LaRoche grounded out to pitcher . Morse homered to right ( 375 feet ) . Hairston Jr. grounded out to third . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Victorino singled to right . Polanco grounded out to pitcher , Victorino to second . Howard singled to deep right , Victorino scored . Coffey pitching for Nationals . Francisco lined out to shortstop . Slaten pitching for Nationals . Ibanez doubled to deep left center , Howard scored . Mayberry Jr. hit for Orr . Mayberry Jr. intentionally walked . Schneider grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Valdez at second base . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Bixler reached on infield single to shortstop . Ramos hit for Slaten . Ramos grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Bixler out at second . Espinosa grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Rodriguez pitching for Nationals . Hamels singled to left . Rollins walked , Hamels to second . Victorino grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Rollins out at second , Hamels to third . Polanco walked , Victorino to second . Howard grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Polanco out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Desmond grounded out to pitcher . Werth struck out swinging . LaRoche grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 1 - Phillies 4 .	Hamels sharp as Phillies top Nats