Nationals - Top 1st . Harang pitching for Padres . Ankiel walked . Desmond struck out looking , Ankiel stole second . Ankiel caught stealing third , catcher to third . Werth tripled to deep right . Nix flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Denorfia singled to right . Denorfia caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop to pitcher . Bartlett singled to right center . Headley homered to left center ( 396 feet ) , Bartlett scored . Ludwick grounded out to third . Hawpe grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Harang pitching for Padres . Morse singled to center . Espinosa reached on bunt single to pitcher , Morse to second . Rodriguez walked , Morse to third , Espinosa to second . Cora hit sacrifice fly to center , Morse scored . Hernandez sacrificed to pitcher , Espinosa to third , Rodriguez to second . Ankiel fouled out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Hundley struck out looking . Rizzo struck out looking . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Harang pitching for Padres . Desmond struck out swinging . Werth grounded out to third . Nix hit ground rule double to left . Morse struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Harang struck out looking . Denorfia lined out to pitcher . Bartlett grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Harang pitching for Padres . Espinosa struck out looking . Rodriguez flied out to left . Cora grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Headley flied out to left . Ludwick doubled to deep left center . Hawpe walked . Hundley grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hawpe out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Harang pitching for Padres . Hernandez flied out to center . Ankiel flied out to center . Desmond singled to right , Desmond out stretching at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Rizzo tripled to deep center . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Harang grounded out to third . Denorfia reached on infield single to first , Rizzo scored . Bartlett struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Harang pitching for Padres . Werth walked . Nix popped out to shortstop . Werth stole second . Morse singled to center , Werth scored . Espinosa grounded out to first , Morse to second . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Headley singled to right . Ludwick singled to center , Headley to second . Hawpe singled to right , Headley scored , Ludwick to third . Hundley grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ludwick out at home , Hawpe to second . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Rizzo walked , Hawpe to third , Hundley to second . Kimball pitching for Nationals . Phillips hit for Gonzalez . Phillips walked , Hawpe scored , Hundley to third , Rizzo to second . Forsythe hit for Harang . Forsythe hit sacrifice fly to center , Hundley scored . Denorfia flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Qualls pitching for Padres . Forsythe at second base . Cora struck out swinging . Bernadina hit for Kimball . Bernadina singled to center . Ankiel singled to center , Bernadina to second . Desmond grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ankiel out at second , Bernadina to third . Werth lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Rodriguez pitching for Nationals . Bartlett grounded out to second . Headley grounded out to second . Ludwick walked . Hawpe singled to center , Ludwick to second . Hundley walked , Ludwick to third , Hawpe to second . Ludwick scored , Hawpe to third , Hundley to second on wild pitch by Rodriguez . Rizzo walked . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Venable hit for Qualls . Venable struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Denorfia in left field . Frieri pitching for Padres . Venable in center field . Nix struck out looking . Morse struck out swinging . Espinosa flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Forsythe flied out to right . Denorfia grounded out to third . Bartlett flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Neshek pitching for Padres . Rodriguez walked . Cora grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Rodriguez out at second . Ramos hit for Stammen . Ramos homered to center ( 412 feet ) . Ankiel singled to center . Ankiel to second on fielder 's indifference . Desmond struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 3 - Padres 7 .	Headley 's two - run blast helps Padres drop Nats