Cardinals - Top 1st . Maya pitching for Nationals . Theriot singled to center . Rasmus struck out swinging . Pujols homered to left ( 394 feet ) , Theriot scored . Berkman walked . Molina lined into double play , pitcher to first , Berkman out at first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Werth grounded out to shortstop . Desmond grounded out to third . Zimmerman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Maya pitching for Nationals . Brown grounded out to third . Schumaker grounded out to first . Descalso flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Morse grounded out to pitcher . Espinosa singled to center . Ramos lined out to shortstop . Bernadina hit for Ankiel . Bernadina singled to center , Espinosa to second . Maya struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Bernadina in center field . Maya pitching for Nationals . Garcia grounded out to shortstop . Theriot flied out to center . Rasmus singled to right . Pujols grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rasmus out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Hairston Jr. struck out swinging . Werth reached on infield single to shortstop . Desmond lined out to center . Zimmerman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Maya pitching for Nationals . Berkman homered to right ( 373 feet ) . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Brown flied out to right . Schumaker singled to left . Descalso struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Morse doubled to left . Espinosa struck out swinging . Ramos flied out to right . Bernadina singled to center , Morse scored . Maya struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Maya pitching for Nationals . Garcia flied out to right . Theriot singled to center . Rasmus hit ground rule double to deep left center , Theriot to third . Pujols intentionally walked . Berkman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Theriot scored , Pujols out at second , Rasmus to third . Molina singled to center , Rasmus scored , Berkman to second . Brown singled to right , Berkman scored , Molina to third , Brown to second advancing on throw . Mattheus pitching for Nationals . Jay ran for Brown . Schumaker lined out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Jay in right field . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Hairston Jr. safe at first on error by shortstop Theriot . Werth grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hairston Jr. out at second , Werth to second on throwing error by shortstop Theriot . Desmond walked . Zimmerman grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Desmond out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Mattheus pitching for Nationals . Descalso lined out to center . Garcia struck out swinging . Theriot walked . Rasmus struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Morse singled to left . Espinosa reached on infield single to shortstop , Morse to second . Ramos reached on infield single to shortstop , Morse to third , Espinosa to second . Bernadina grounded into double play , second to first to shortstop , Morse scored , Ramos out at second , Espinosa to third . Bixler hit for Mattheus . Bixler struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Rodriguez pitching for Nationals . Pujols struck out looking . Berkman walked . Molina grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Berkman out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Batista pitching for Cardinals . Hairston Jr. flied out to left . Werth walked . Desmond reached on infield single to first , Werth to second . Zimmerman doubled to deep right , Werth scored , Desmond to third . Morse grounded out to shortstop , Desmond scored , Zimmerman to third . Espinosa singled to center , Zimmerman scored . Ramos singled to center , Espinosa to second . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Bernadina hit by pitch , Espinosa to third , Ramos to second . Rodriguez hit for Rodriguez . Espinosa scored , Ramos to third , Bernadina to second on wild pitch by Miller . Rodriguez intentionally walked . Motte pitching for Cardinals . Nix hit for Hairston Jr .. Nix walked , Ramos scored , Bernadina to third , Rodriguez to second . Werth singled to right , Bernadina scored , Rodriguez to third , Nix to second . Desmond struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Clippard pitching for Nationals . Nix in left field . Jay struck out looking . Schumaker flied out to left . Descalso struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Boggs pitching for Cardinals . Zimmerman flied out to left . Morse grounded out to third . Espinosa grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Storen pitching for Nationals . Hamilton hit for Boggs . Hamilton flied out to center . Theriot walked . Theriot to second on fielder 's indifference . Rasmus flied out to left . Pujols intentionally walked . Berkman grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 6 - Nationals 8 .	Zimmerman lifts Nats