Orioles - Top 1st . Marquis pitching for Nationals . Hardy grounded out to pitcher . Markakis singled to left . Jones reached on infield single to second , Markakis to second . Wieters flied out to right , Markakis to third . Scott grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Britton pitching for Orioles . Werth grounded out to second . Desmond walked . Zimmerman lined out to center . Morse grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Marquis pitching for Nationals . Lee singled to right . Reynolds singled to left , Lee to second . Andino grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Reynolds out at second , Lee to third . Britton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Britton pitching for Orioles . Espinosa grounded out to shortstop . Ramos flied out to right . Hairston Jr. doubled to deep left . Marquis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Marquis pitching for Nationals . Hardy grounded out to third . Markakis grounded out to shortstop . Jones doubled to deep left . Wieters grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Britton pitching for Orioles . Bernadina struck out swinging . Werth flied out to center . Desmond struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Marquis pitching for Nationals . Scott struck out swinging . Lee doubled to deep center . Reynolds struck out swinging . Andino singled to left , Lee scored , Andino to second advancing on throw . Britton doubled to left center , Andino scored . Hardy struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Britton pitching for Orioles . Zimmerman lined out to center . Morse grounded out to shortstop . Espinosa flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Marquis pitching for Nationals . Markakis reached on infield single to second . Jones reached on infield single to shortstop , Markakis to second . Wieters grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Jones out at second , Markakis to third . Scott grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Britton pitching for Orioles . Ramos singled to center . Hairston Jr. singled to center , Ramos to third . Marquis sacrificed to catcher , Ramos scored , Hairston Jr. to second , Marquis safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Reynolds . Hairston Jr. to third on throwing error by third baseman Reynolds . Bernadina grounded out to second , Hairston Jr. scored , Marquis to third . Werth struck out swinging . Desmond singled to left , Marquis scored . Desmond stole second . Zimmerman singled to center , Desmond scored , Zimmerman to second advancing on throw . Morse intentionally walked . Espinosa grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Morse out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 6th . Marquis pitching for Nationals . Lee singled to center . Reynolds grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lee out at second . Andino doubled to deep left , Reynolds to third . Coffey pitching for Nationals . Guerrero hit for Britton . Guerrero singled to center , Reynolds scored , Andino to third . Jakubauskas ran for Guerrero . Hardy hit sacrifice fly to center , Andino scored . Markakis singled to center , Jakubauskas to second . Jones reached on infield single to second , Jakubauskas to third , Markakis to second . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Wieters grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jones out at second . 2 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Accardo pitching for Orioles . Ramos walked . Hairston Jr. doubled to deep left , Ramos scored . Burnett walked . Bernadina flied out to left . Berken pitching for Orioles . Werth singled to left center , Hairston Jr. scored , Burnett to third . Desmond hit sacrifice fly to center , Burnett scored . Zimmerman popped out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Scott grounded out to second . Lee singled to center . Rodriguez pitching for Nationals . Reynolds struck out swinging . Andino grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lee out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Adams at second base . Morse grounded out to third . Espinosa singled to right . Espinosa stole second . Ramos struck out swinging . Hairston Jr. walked . Rodriguez hit for Rodriguez . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Clippard pitching for Nationals . Adams struck out swinging . Hardy flied out to left . Markakis singled to right center . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Bernadina homered to right ( 392 feet ) . Werth struck out swinging . Desmond singled to center . Zimmerman flied out to right . Desmond stole second . Morse walked . Uehara pitching for Orioles . Espinosa struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Mattheus pitching for Nationals . Wieters flied out to right . Scott grounded out to shortstop . Lee singled to center . Lee to second on fielder 's indifference . Reynolds lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 4 - Nationals 8 .	Nationals outlast Orioles for 7th straight win