Orioles - Top 1st . Gorzelanny pitching for Nationals . Hardy fouled out to first . Markakis flied out to left . Jones bunt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Jakubauskas pitching for Orioles . Werth struck out looking . Bernadina grounded out to second . Zimmerman singled to right center , Zimmerman out stretching at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Gorzelanny pitching for Nationals . Lee singled to right center . Reimold grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lee safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Zimmerman . Reynolds reached on infield single to third , Reimold to second . Tatum grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lee scored , Reynolds out at second , Reimold to third . Andino grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Jakubauskas pitching for Orioles . Nix grounded out to first . Morse struck out swinging . Espinosa grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Gorzelanny pitching for Nationals . Jakubauskas grounded out to second . Hardy homered to center ( 418 feet ) . Markakis singled to right center , Markakis to second on error by right fielder Werth . Markakis to third on wild pitch by Gorzelanny . Jones walked . Lee grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Jones out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Jakubauskas pitching for Orioles . Ramos struck out swinging . Gorzelanny struck out swinging . Cora singled to center . Werth struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Gorzelanny pitching for Nationals . Reimold flied out to right . Reynolds doubled to left . Tatum singled to shallow center , Reynolds scored . Andino grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Tatum out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Jakubauskas pitching for Orioles . Bernadina reached on infield single to shortstop . Zimmerman flied out to right . Nix grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bernadina out at second . Morse doubled to left , Nix scored . Espinosa doubled to deep right , Morse scored . Ramos intentionally walked . Gorzelanny grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Gorzelanny pitching for Nationals . Jakubauskas singled to right . Hardy doubled to deep right center , Jakubauskas thrown out at home . Markakis flied out to left . Jones singled to center , Hardy scored . Lee doubled to deep left , Jones scored . Coffey pitching for Nationals . Reimold flied out to left . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Jakubauskas pitching for Orioles . Cora flied out to right . Werth flied out to left . Bernadina homered to right center ( 400 feet ) . Zimmerman struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Coffey pitching for Nationals . Reynolds homered to left ( 376 feet ) . Tatum grounded out to third . Andino grounded out to second . Jakubauskas singled to left center . Hardy flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Nix flied out to center . Morse struck out swinging . Espinosa flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Markakis grounded out to shortstop . Jones grounded out to shortstop . Lee flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Ramos singled to center . Hairston Jr. hit for Burnett . Hairston Jr. flied out to center . Cora struck out looking . Werth flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Balester pitching for Nationals . Reimold singled to right . Reimold stole second , Reimold safe at third on throwing error by catcher Ramos . Reynolds struck out swinging . Tatum hit sacrifice fly to right , Reimold scored . Andino grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Uehara pitching for Orioles . Pie in left field . Bernadina reached on infield single to third . Zimmerman struck out looking . Nix flied out to center . Morse popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Balester pitching for Nationals . Pie singled to left . Pie stole second . Hardy walked . Markakis grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hardy out at second , Pie to third . Jones grounded into double play , third to second to first , Markakis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Uehara pitching for Orioles . Espinosa homered to right ( 391 feet ) . Ramos grounded out to third . Stairs hit for Balester . Stairs flied out to center . Cora grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 7 - Nationals 4 .	Jakubauskas , O 's win , snap Nats ' 8 - game streak