Cubs - Top 1st . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Johnson lined out to left . Baker singled to center . Ramirez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Baker out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Ortiz pitching for Cubs . Bernadina singled to right . Espinosa singled to right , Bernadina to second . Zimmerman singled to right , Bernadina to third , Espinosa to second . Nix grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bernadina and Espinosa scored on throwing error by second baseman Baker , Zimmerman safe at third on throwing error by second baseman Baker . Werth struck out swinging . Ankiel intentionally walked . Ramos reached on infield single to shortstop , Zimmerman scored , Nix to third , Ankiel to second . Desmond lined out to third . Detwiler struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 2nd . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Soto grounded out to second . Soriano lined out to shortstop . Byrd grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Ortiz pitching for Cubs . Bernadina walked . Espinosa lined into double play , to first , Bernadina doubled off first . Zimmerman struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 3rd . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Pena grounded out to first . Barney hit by pitch . Ortiz sacrificed to catcher , Barney to second , Ortiz safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Detwiler . Johnson flied out to left . Baker grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . DeWitt at second base . Ortiz pitching for Cubs . Nix flied out to center . Werth struck out swinging . Ankiel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 4th . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Ramirez lined out to third . Soto reached on infield single to shortstop . Soriano popped out to second . Byrd grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Soto out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Ortiz pitching for Cubs . Ramos walked . Desmond flied out to right . Detwiler struck out swinging . Bernadina lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 5th . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Pena grounded out to pitcher . Barney flied out to left . Ortiz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Ortiz pitching for Cubs . Espinosa singled to right center . Zimmerman singled to left , Espinosa to second . Nix struck out swinging . Werth grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Zimmerman out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 6th . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Johnson doubled to deep center . DeWitt flied out to center . Ramirez homered to left center ( 391 feet ) , Johnson scored . Coffey pitching for Nationals . Soto doubled to deep left . Soriano fouled out to first . Byrd struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Ortiz pitching for Cubs . Ankiel singled to right . Ramos grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ankiel out at second . Desmond lined out to right . Morse hit for Coffey . Morse grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 7th . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Pena grounded out to first . Barney grounded out to shortstop . Campana hit for Ortiz . Campana reached on bunt single to first . Clippard pitching for Nationals . Campana stole second . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Grabow pitching for Cubs . Bernadina lined out to right . Espinosa walked . Samardzija pitching for Cubs . Zimmerman popped out to second . Nix singled to left , Espinosa to second . Werth grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . Clippard pitching for Nationals . DeWitt struck out swinging . Ramirez flied out to right . Soto flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Samardzija pitching for Cubs . Ankiel singled to center . Ramos singled to left , Ankiel to second . Desmond sacrificed to pitcher , Ankiel to third , Ramos to second . Stairs hit for Clippard . Russell pitching for Cubs . Stairs struck out swinging . Bernadina grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 9th . Cora at first base . Storen pitching for Nationals . Soriano fouled out to first . Byrd singled to left . Pena grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Byrd out at second . Barney grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 2 - Nationals 3 .	Baker miscue costly as Nationals handle Cubs