Nationals - Top 1st . Hudson pitching for Braves . Bernadina singled to center . Espinosa singled to right , Bernadina to third . Zimmerman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bernadina scored , Espinosa out at second . Morse flied out to center . Nix struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Schafer safe at first on error by first baseman Morse , Schafer to second on throwing error by first baseman Morse . Prado flied out to right . Heyward walked . Freeman singled to right , Schafer scored , Heyward to third . Uggla doubled to left , Heyward scored , Freeman to third . Ross safe at first on error by shortstop Desmond , Freeman scored , Uggla to third . McLouth singled to shallow center , Uggla scored , Ross to second . Gonzalez singled to left , Ross thrown out at home , McLouth to third , Gonzalez to second advancing on throw . Hudson fouled out to catcher . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 3 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Hudson pitching for Braves . Werth singled to left . Ramos grounded into double play , third to second to first , Werth out at second . Desmond reached on infield single to third . Hernandez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Schafer grounded out to first . Prado flied out to left . Heyward safe at first on error by first baseman Morse . Freeman grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 3rd . Hudson pitching for Braves . Bernadina struck out swinging . Espinosa walked . Zimmerman singled to right , Espinosa to second . Morse struck out swinging . Nix grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Uggla flied out to center . Ross hit ground rule double to deep right . McLouth singled to right , Ross to third . Gonzalez flied out to right . Hudson singled to right , Ross scored , McLouth to second . Schafer grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Werth flied out to right . Ramos grounded out to third . Desmond struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Prado homered to left ( 363 feet ) . Heyward grounded out to second . Freeman struck out swinging . Uggla flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Cora hit for Hernandez . Hudson pitching for Braves . Cora grounded out to third . Bernadina struck out swinging . Espinosa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Ross struck out swinging . McLouth grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Zimmerman struck out looking . Morse flied out to center . Nix popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Hudson doubled to deep right . Hudson to third on wild pitch by Detwiler . Schafer walked . Prado singled to left , Hudson scored , Schafer to second . Heyward singled to right , Schafer scored , Prado to second . Freeman grounded out to shortstop , Prado to third , Heyward to second . Uggla safe at first on error by third baseman Zimmerman , Prado scored , Heyward to third . Ross walked , Uggla to second . McLouth popped out to shortstop . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 7th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Werth popped out to second . Ramos singled to center . Desmond fouled out to first . Stairs hit for Detwiler . Stairs singled to right , Ramos to third . Bernadina grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Bixler at third base . Coffey pitching for Nationals . Hinske hit for Hudson . Hinske struck out swinging . Schafer singled to left . Prado struck out swinging . Heyward walked , Schafer to second . Freeman doubled to deep left , Schafer and Heyward scored . Uggla flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Linebrink pitching for Braves . Espinosa struck out swinging . Bixler grounded out to second . Morse walked . Nix doubled to right , Morse to third . Werth walked . Ramos struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Bernadina in right field . Rodriguez pitching for Nationals . Ankiel in center field . Ross struck out swinging . McLouth grounded out to second . Gonzalez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Sherrill pitching for Braves . Desmond popped out to second . Ankiel struck out swinging . Bernadina grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 1 - Braves 11 .	Braves rout Nats for franchise 's 10,000th win