Nationals - Top 1st . Lilly pitching for Dodgers . Hairston Jr. fouled out to first . Espinosa singled to center . Zimmerman singled to left center , Espinosa to second . Morse doubled to deep right , Espinosa scored , Zimmerman to third . Werth doubled to deep center , Zimmerman and Morse scored . Ramos grounded out to third . Werth stole third . Ankiel struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Gorzelanny pitching for Nationals . Furcal singled to right . Miles grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Furcal to second . Ethier singled to left , Furcal to third , Miles to second . Kemp hit sacrifice fly to center , Furcal scored . Rivera grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Ethier out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Lilly pitching for Dodgers . Desmond struck out looking . Gorzelanny struck out swinging . Hairston Jr. walked . Espinosa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Gorzelanny pitching for Nationals . Loney singled to center . Loney to second on wild pitch by Gorzelanny . Uribe struck out swinging . Navarro singled to right , Loney to third . Lilly sacrificed to third , Loney scored , Navarro to second , Navarro to third advancing on throw . Furcal hit by pitch . Miles struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Lilly pitching for Dodgers . Zimmerman singled to right . Zimmerman stole second . Morse flied out to center . Werth intentionally walked . Ramos flied out to center , Zimmerman to third . Ankiel doubled to deep right , Zimmerman and Werth scored . Desmond reached on infield single to shortstop , Ankiel scored . Gorzelanny grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Gorzelanny pitching for Nationals . Ethier struck out looking . Kemp doubled to deep center . Rivera singled to center , Kemp to third . Loney hit sacrifice fly to right , Kemp scored . Uribe singled to right center , Rivera to third . Uribe to second on wild pitch by Gorzelanny . Navarro intentionally walked . Lilly doubled to right center , Rivera and Uribe scored , Navarro to third . Furcal grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Lilly pitching for Dodgers . Hairston Jr. lined out to center . Espinosa struck out looking . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Miles struck out swinging . Ethier struck out swinging . Kemp fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Lilly pitching for Dodgers . Morse singled to left . Werth struck out swinging . Ramos flied out to right . Ankiel fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Rivera safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Desmond . Loney sacrificed to third , Rivera to second . Uribe popped out to first . Navarro walked . Carroll hit for Lilly . Carroll grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 6th . Miles at third base . Hawksworth pitching for Dodgers . Carroll at second base . Desmond struck out looking . Detwiler singled to right . Hairston Jr. grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Detwiler out at second . Espinosa grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Furcal lined out to center . Miles grounded out to shortstop . Ethier reached on infield single to pitcher . Rodriguez pitching for Nationals . Kemp singled to center , Ethier to second . Rivera walked , Ethier to third , Kemp to second . Loney grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Hawksworth pitching for Dodgers . Zimmerman flied out to right . Morse struck out swinging . Werth struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Gwynn hit for Hawksworth . Rodriguez pitching for Nationals . Gwynn lined out to left . Navarro walked . Velez ran for Navarro . Velez stole second . Carroll grounded out to pitcher , Velez to third . Furcal walked . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Miles grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Furcal out at second . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Miles grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Furcal out at second . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Miles grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Furcal out at second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Barajas catching . MacDougal pitching for Dodgers . Ramos grounded out to pitcher . Ankiel struck out swinging . Desmond grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Mattheus pitching for Nationals . Bernadina in center field . Ethier flied out to center . Kemp grounded out to shortstop . Rivera singled to right . Loney grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Guerra pitching for Dodgers . Oeltjen in left field . Bernadina flied out to left . Nix hit for Hairston Jr .. Nix grounded out to shortstop . Espinosa struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 9th . Nix in left field . Mattheus pitching for Nationals . Barajas singled to center . Oeltjen bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Barajas out at second . Carroll singled to left , Oeltjen to second . Furcal doubled to deep left center , Oeltjen scored , Carroll to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 6 - Dodgers 7 .	Furcal delivers as Dodgers walk off vs. Nats