Nationals - Top 1st . Oswalt pitching for Phillies . Ankiel struck out swinging . Espinosa flied out to right . Zimmerman flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Rollins safe at first on error by second baseman Espinosa . Victorino flied out to center . Utley popped out to shortstop . Howard homered to left ( 362 feet ) , Rollins scored . Pence walked . Ibanez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 2nd . Oswalt pitching for Phillies . Morse doubled to deep center . Werth flied out to center , Morse to third . Nix doubled to deep left , Morse scored . Ramos struck out swinging . Desmond singled to left , Nix scored , Desmond to second advancing on throw . Lannan fouled out to catcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Ruiz lined out to right . Valdez grounded out to shortstop . Oswalt walked . Rollins grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Oswalt out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Oswalt pitching for Phillies . Ankiel popped out to shortstop . Espinosa struck out swinging . Zimmerman fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Victorino safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Desmond . Utley singled to center , Victorino to third . Howard singled to right , Victorino scored , Utley to third . Pence walked , Howard to second . Ibanez grounded out to first , Utley scored , Howard to third , Pence to second . Ruiz intentionally walked . Valdez grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Howard out at home , Pence to third , Ruiz to second . Oswalt walked , Pence scored , Ruiz to third , Valdez to second . Rollins reached on infield single to shortstop , Ruiz and Valdez scored , Oswalt to second . Victorino grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rollins out at second . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 4th . Oswalt pitching for Phillies . Morse grounded out to shortstop . Werth walked . Nix flied out to right . Ramos flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Balester pitching for Nationals . Utley flied out to left . Howard struck out swinging . Pence flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Oswalt pitching for Phillies . Desmond struck out looking . Balester grounded out to second . Ankiel flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Balester pitching for Nationals . Ibanez grounded out to second . Ruiz popped out to shortstop . Valdez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Oswalt pitching for Phillies . Espinosa struck out swinging . Zimmerman singled to deep right center . Zimmerman to second on wild pitch by Oswalt . Morse singled to left , Zimmerman scored . Werth flied out to center . Nix popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Balester pitching for Nationals . Oswalt struck out looking . Rollins struck out swinging , Rollins safe at first on wild pitch by Balester . Victorino singled to center , Rollins to second . Utley grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Rollins to third , Victorino safe at second on error by first baseman Morse . Howard grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Rollins scored , Utley out at second , Victorino to third . Pence grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 7th . Oswalt pitching for Phillies . Ramos grounded out to third . Desmond singled to left . Cora hit for Balester . Cora grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Desmond out at second . Ankiel popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Rodriguez pitching for Nationals . Ibanez lined out to left . Ruiz flied out to right . Valdez singled to center . Francisco hit for Oswalt . Francisco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Stutes pitching for Phillies . Espinosa grounded out to second . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Morse lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Rodriguez pitching for Nationals . Rollins walked . Victorino singled to right , Rollins to second . Mattheus pitching for Nationals . Utley flied out to left . Rollins to third , Victorino to second on wild pitch by Mattheus . Howard intentionally walked . Pence singled to left , Rollins scored , Victorino to third , Howard to second . Ibanez hit sacrifice fly to left , Victorino scored . Ruiz singled to right center , Howard scored , Pence to second . Valdez grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Martinez at second base . Stutes pitching for Phillies . Werth singled to right . Nix grounded out to second , Werth to second . Ramos lined out to third . Desmond walked . Gomes hit for Mattheus . Gomes grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Desmond out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 3 - Phillies 11 .	Howard drives in 4 as Oswalt , Phillies whip Nats