Astros - Top 1st . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Schafer struck out swinging . Bourgeois grounded out to first . Martinez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Desmond grounded out to shortstop . Werth flied out to center . Zimmerman grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Lee doubled to deep left center . Johnson grounded out to shortstop , Lee to third . Sanchez grounded out to third . Altuve walked . Corporan grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Altuve out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Morse struck out swinging . Gomes singled to left . Espinosa grounded out to shortstop , Gomes to second . Marrero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Rodriguez flied out to right . Schafer doubled to left , Schafer to third on error by left fielder Morse . Bourgeois singled to left , Schafer scored . Martinez singled to right , Bourgeois to second . Lee singled to center , Bourgeois scored , Martinez to third . Johnson singled to left , Martinez scored , Lee to second . Sanchez singled to left , Lee to third , Johnson to second . Altuve grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lee and Johnson scored on throwing error by pitcher Lannan , Sanchez safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Lannan . Corporan reached on bunt single to second , Sanchez scored , Altuve to second . Maya pitching for Nationals . Rodriguez sacrificed to pitcher , Altuve to third , Corporan to second . Schafer grounded out to second . 6 Runs , 7 Hits , 2 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Flores doubled to left . Maya struck out swinging . Desmond grounded out to shortstop . Werth grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Maya pitching for Nationals . Bourgeois singled to right . Martinez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bourgeois out at second . Lee lined out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Zimmerman reached on infield single to pitcher . Morse singled to right , Zimmerman to second . Zimmerman to third , Morse to second on wild pitch by Rodriguez . Gomes struck out looking . Espinosa struck out swinging . Marrero singled to center , Zimmerman and Morse scored . Flores struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Maya pitching for Nationals . Johnson struck out swinging . Sanchez singled to center . Altuve singled to center , Sanchez to third . Corporan hit sacrifice fly to center , Sanchez scored . Rodriguez doubled to deep right , Altuve scored . Schafer grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Bixler hit for Maya . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Bixler flied out to center . Desmond flied out to center . Werth lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Balester pitching for Nationals . Bourgeois flied out to center . Martinez struck out swinging . Lee grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Zimmerman flied out to left . Morse homered to right ( 388 feet ) . Gomes singled to left . Espinosa struck out swinging . Marrero grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gomes out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Balester pitching for Nationals . Johnson struck out swinging . Sanchez grounded out to third . Altuve grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Flores singled to right . Lombardozzi hit for Balester . Lombardozzi flied out to center . Desmond struck out swinging . Werth singled to left , Flores to second . Zimmerman lined out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Severino pitching for Nationals . Corporan struck out swinging . Michaels hit for Rodriguez . Michaels singled to right . Schafer struck out swinging . Bourgeois singled to center , Michaels to second . Martinez popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Abreu pitching for Astros . Morse struck out swinging . Gomes hit by pitch . Espinosa struck out swinging . Gomes to second on fielder 's indifference . Marrero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Coffey pitching for Nationals . Lee flied out to center . Johnson singled to center . Sanchez hit by pitch , Johnson to second . Altuve flied out to center . Corporan singled to shallow right , Johnson scored , Sanchez to third . Wallace hit for Abreu . Slaten pitching for Nationals . Downs hit for Wallace . Downs grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Carpenter pitching for Astros . Flores safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Johnson . Nix hit for Slaten . Nix struck out swinging . Desmond grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Flores out at second . Brown hit for Werth . Brown struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Astros 9 - Nationals 3 .	Corporan backs Rodriguez as Astros down Nats