Tigers - Top 1st. Skoglund pitching for Royals. Martín struck out swinging. Candelario lined out to shortstop. Cabrera grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Fiers pitching for Tigers. Merrifield singled to left. Soler grounded into fielder's choice to third, Merrifield out at second. Moustakas walked, Soler to second. Pérez popped out to second. Duda singled to center, Soler scored, Moustakas to second. Jay singled to right, Moustakas scored, Duda to third. Cuthbert fouled out to catcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Skoglund pitching for Royals. Castellanos singled to center. Jones grounded out to first, Castellanos to second. Hicks struck out looking. McCann struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Fiers pitching for Tigers. Gordon flied out to center. Escobar lined out to left. Merrifield flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Skoglund pitching for Royals. Iglesias singled to left. Machado bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Iglesias out at second. Martín reached on bunt single to third, Machado to second. Candelario doubled to deep left, Machado and Martín scored. Cabrera lined out to shortstop. Castellanos grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Fiers pitching for Tigers. Soler popped out to second. Moustakas doubled to deep center. Pérez homered to left (398 feet), Moustakas scored. Duda struck out looking. Jay grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Skoglund pitching for Royals. Jones struck out swinging. Hicks doubled to deep center. McCann singled to center, Hicks scored. Iglesias grounded into fielder's choice to second, McCann out at second. Machado doubled to right, Iglesias to third. Martín walked. Candelario struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Fiers pitching for Tigers. Cuthbert flied out to right. Gordon homered to right center (422 feet). Escobar lined out to center. Merrifield flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Skoglund pitching for Royals. Cabrera struck out swinging. Castellanos homered to left (359 feet). Jones grounded out to third. Hicks walked. McCann walked, Hicks to second. Barlow pitching for Royals. Iglesias singled to right, Hicks scored, McCann to third. Machado lined out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Bell pitching for Tigers. Soler homered to left (441 feet). Moustakas lined out to right. Pérez doubled to left. Duda singled to left center, Pérez scored, Duda to second advancing on throw. Jay grounded out to second, Duda to third. Cuthbert struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Barlow pitching for Royals. Martín singled to center. Candelario flied out to center. Cabrera reached on infield single to second, Martín to second. Castellanos singled to center, Martín scored, Cabrera to second. Goodrum ran for Cabrera. McCarthy pitching for Royals. Jones lined into double play, shortstop to second, Goodrum doubled off second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Bell pitching for Tigers. Gordon singled to center. Escobar reached on infield single to shortstop, Gordon to second. Merrifield struck out swinging. Soler walked, Gordon to third, Escobar to second. Moustakas hit sacrifice fly to center, Gordon scored. Saupold pitching for Tigers. Pérez walked, Escobar to third, Soler to second. Duda singled to center, Escobar and Soler scored, Pérez to second. Jay grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. McCarthy pitching for Royals. Hicks lined out to left. McCann struck out looking. Iglesias grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Saupold pitching for Tigers. Cuthbert flied out to left. Gordon singled to center. Escobar popped out to shortstop. Merrifield grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Hill pitching for Royals. Machado singled to center. Martín singled to left center, Machado to second. Candelario struck out swinging. Goodrum grounded into fielder's choice to second, Martín out at second, Machado to third. Boyer pitching for Royals. Castellanos struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Barbato pitching for Tigers. Soler struck out swinging. Moustakas popped out to second. Pérez popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Herrera pitching for Royals. Jones flied out to right. Hicks singled to right. McCann struck out swinging. Iglesias struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 6 - Royals 10.	Royals hit 3 homers as offense powers 10-6 win over Tigers