Indians - Top 1st. Lewicki pitching for Tigers. Allen struck out swinging. Brantley grounded out to second. Ramírez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Kluber pitching for Indians. Martín struck out looking. Castellanos struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Lewicki pitching for Tigers. Lindor singled to right. Lindor stole second, Lindor safe at third on throwing error by catcher Hicks. Alonso hit ground rule double to deep center, Lindor scored. Chisenhall grounded out to second, Alonso to third. Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to center, Alonso scored. Pérez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Kluber pitching for Indians. Candelario lined out to second. Martínez flied out to center. Goodrum flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Lewicki pitching for Tigers. González struck out swinging. Allen fouled out to third. Brantley fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Kluber pitching for Indians. Hicks singled to right. Iglesias flied out to center. Jones doubled to right, Hicks to third. Martín grounded out to second, Hicks scored, Jones to third. Castellanos struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Lewicki pitching for Tigers. Ramírez struck out looking. Lindor singled to center. Lindor stole second. Alonso walked. Chisenhall singled to center, Lindor to third, Alonso to second. Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to center, Lindor scored. Pérez safe at first on error by first baseman Cabrera, Alonso to third, Chisenhall to second. González grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Kluber pitching for Indians. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Candelario singled to shallow left, Candelario out stretching at second. Martínez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Lewicki pitching for Tigers. Allen singled to right. Allen stole second. Brantley flied out to center, Allen out at third. Ramírez tripled to deep right center. Lindor flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Kluber pitching for Indians. Goodrum grounded out to first. Hicks struck out looking. Iglesias flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. VerHagen pitching for Tigers. Alonso grounded out to first. Chisenhall singled to center. Cabrera doubled to shallow left, Chisenhall to third. Pérez hit by pitch. González doubled to deep center, Chisenhall, Cabrera and Pérez scored, González thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. Allen struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Gomes catching. Kluber pitching for Indians. Jones grounded out to shortstop. Martín homered to right (415 feet). Castellanos grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. VerHagen pitching for Tigers. Brantley struck out swinging. Ramírez flied out to right. Lindor doubled to deep right. Alonso flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Kluber pitching for Indians. Candelario struck out looking. Martínez grounded out to second. Goodrum struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Reininger pitching for Tigers. Chisenhall singled to right, Chisenhall to second on error by right fielder Castellanos. Cabrera singled to right, Chisenhall scored. Gomes homered to center (429 feet), Cabrera scored. González doubled to shallow left. Allen struck out looking. Brantley flied out to left. Ramírez grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Kluber pitching for Indians. Hicks singled to right. Iglesias grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hicks safe at second on error by third baseman Ramírez. Jones grounded out to second, Hicks to third, Iglesias to second. Martín struck out looking. Castellanos flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Indians - Top 9th. Farmer pitching for Tigers. Lindor flied out to left. Alonso popped out to second. Chisenhall walked. Cabrera fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Cabrera struck out swinging. Candelario struck out looking. Martínez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 9 - Tigers 2.	Indians' Kluber continues dominance of Tigers, AL Central