Tigers - Top 1st. Giolito pitching for White Sox. Martín lined out to center. Candelario flied out to left. Castellanos popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Moncada struck out looking. Sánchez grounded out to second. Abreu struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Giolito pitching for White Sox. Martínez singled to right. Hicks struck out swinging. Jones fouled out to first. Greiner grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Davidson struck out swinging. Smith grounded out to shortstop. Anderson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Giolito pitching for White Sox. Iglesias lined out to center. Rodríguez flied out to right. Martín walked. Candelario singled to right, Martín to third. Castellanos homered to right (375 feet), Martín and Candelario scored. Martínez singled to left. Hicks flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Tilson grounded out to first. Engel flied out to left. Thompson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Giolito pitching for White Sox. Jones struck out swinging. Greiner struck out swinging. Iglesias grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Moncada lined out to right. Sánchez struck out swinging. Abreu flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Giolito pitching for White Sox. Rodríguez grounded out to shortstop. Martín flied out to center. Candelario walked. Castellanos homered to left (405 feet), Candelario scored. Martínez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Davidson singled to center. Smith singled to right, Davidson to second. Anderson doubled to deep right, Davidson scored, Smith to third. Tilson singled to left center, Smith and Anderson scored. Tilson caught stealing second, Tilson safe at second on error by Rodríguez. Engel grounded out to second, Tilson to third. Thompson hit sacrifice fly to left, Tilson scored. Moncada lined out to left. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Giolito pitching for White Sox. Hicks struck out swinging, Hicks safe at first on wild pitch by Giolito. Jones struck out swinging. Greiner doubled to deep center, Hicks to third. Volstad pitching for White Sox. Iglesias grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hicks out at third, Greiner to third. Rodríguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. VerHagen pitching for Tigers. Sánchez tripled to deep right. Abreu hit sacrifice fly to right, Sánchez scored. Davidson struck out looking. Smith singled to right. Smith to second on wild pitch by VerHagen. Anderson flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Fry pitching for White Sox. Martín struck out swinging. Candelario struck out swinging. Castellanos flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Farmer pitching for Tigers. Tilson grounded out to second. Engel singled to shallow left center. Thompson struck out swinging, Engel stole second. Moncada walked. Sánchez walked, Engel to third, Moncada to second. Abreu grounded into fielder's choice to third, Moncada out at third, Sánchez to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Fry pitching for White Sox. Martínez singled to left. Rondón pitching for White Sox. Reyes ran for Martínez. Hicks walked, Reyes to second. Jones reached on bunt single to pitcher, Reyes to third, Hicks to second. Greiner struck out swinging. Iglesias reached on infield single to shortstop, Reyes scored, Hicks to third, Jones to second. Goodrum hit for Rodríguez. Goodrum walked, Hicks scored, Jones to third, Iglesias to second. Cedeño pitching for White Sox. Martín struck out swinging. Candelario struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Goodrum at second base. Jiménez pitching for Tigers. Davidson struck out swinging. Smith lined out to center. Anderson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Santiago pitching for White Sox. Castellanos singled to center. Reyes struck out swinging. Castellanos picked off first. Hicks walked. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hicks out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Greene pitching for Tigers. Tilson grounded out to third. Engel struck out swinging. Palka hit for Thompson. Palka struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 7 - White Sox 5.	Castellanos powers Tigers past White Sox 7-5