Tigers - Top 1st. Archer pitching for Rays. Rodríguez walked. Castellanos singled to left, Rodríguez to second. Goodrum struck out swinging. Martínez grounded out to first, Rodríguez to third, Castellanos to second. Adduci struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 1st. Liriano pitching for Tigers. Kiermaier struck out swinging. Duffy singled to center. Robertson singled to left, Duffy to second. Ramos reached on infield single to pitcher, Duffy to third, Robertson to second. Cron singled to left center, Duffy scored, Robertson to third, Ramos to second. Bauers grounded into fielder's choice to first, Robertson scored, Cron out at second, Ramos to third. Hechavarria doubled to right, Ramos and Bauers scored. Gómez singled to left, Hechavarria scored. Adames struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Archer pitching for Rays. Mahtook struck out swinging. McCann singled to center. Iglesias grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, McCann out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 2nd. Liriano pitching for Tigers. Kiermaier grounded out to third. Duffy grounded out to pitcher. Robertson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Archer pitching for Rays. Reyes singled to center. Rodríguez singled to center, Reyes to third. Castellanos walked, Rodríguez to second. Goodrum doubled to deep right, Reyes and Rodríguez scored, Castellanos to third. Martínez lined out to left. Adduci grounded out to second, Castellanos scored, Goodrum to third. Mahtook flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 3rd. Liriano pitching for Tigers. Ramos homered to right (363 feet). Cron doubled to left. Bauers grounded out to first, Cron to third. Hechavarria walked. VerHagen pitching for Tigers. Gómez doubled to center, Cron scored, Hechavarria to third. Adames grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Hechavarria out at home, Gómez to third. Kiermaier grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Archer pitching for Rays. McCann safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Adames. Iglesias grounded into fielder's choice to third, McCann out at second. Reyes singled to right center, Iglesias to second. Wood pitching for Rays. Rodríguez flied out to center. Castellanos lined out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rays - Bottom 4th. VerHagen pitching for Tigers. Duffy struck out looking. Robertson struck out looking. Ramos grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Wood pitching for Rays. Goodrum struck out swinging. Martínez grounded out to pitcher. Adduci walked. Mahtook popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 5th. VerHagen pitching for Tigers. Cron struck out looking. Bauers walked. Bauers stole second. Hechavarria fouled out to first. Gómez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Wood pitching for Rays. McCann flied out to center. Iglesias popped out to shortstop. Reyes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 6th. Farmer pitching for Tigers. Adames flied out to right. Kiermaier flied out to right. Duffy singled to center. Robertson singled to right, Duffy to second. Ramos grounded into fielder's choice to third, Duffy out at third, Robertson to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Schultz pitching for Rays. Rodríguez walked. Castellanos hit by pitch, Rodríguez to second. Goodrum doubled to deep right center, Rodríguez scored, Castellanos to third. Kolarek pitching for Rays. Martínez hit sacrifice fly to right, Castellanos scored, Goodrum to third. Hicks hit for Adduci. Castillo pitching for Rays. Hicks fouled out to first. Mahtook walked. McCann hit by pitch, Mahtook to second. Iglesias doubled to deep left, Goodrum and Mahtook scored, McCann to third. Reyes lined out to left. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 7th. Hicks at first base. Coleman pitching for Tigers. Cron doubled to right. Field ran for Cron. Bauers singled to right, Field to third. Hechavarria lined out to second. Gómez reached on bunt single to third, Field scored, Bauers to second. Wendle hit for Adames. Wendle doubled to deep right, Bauers scored, Gómez thrown out at home. Kiermaier intentionally walked. Wilson pitching for Tigers. Duffy struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Robertson at second base. Wendle in left field. Stanek pitching for Rays. Rodríguez flied out to right. Castellanos doubled to deep center. Alvarado pitching for Rays. Goodrum grounded out to shortstop. Martínez singled to left, Castellanos scored. Romo pitching for Rays. Mahtook singled to first, Jones scored. Hicks to third and Mahtook to second on throwing error by first baseman Bauers. Mahtook batting. McCann flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 8th. Wilson pitching for Tigers. Robertson grounded out to second. Ramos lined out to right. Field grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Romo pitching for Rays. Iglesias flied out to center. Reyes struck out swinging. Rodríguez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 9th. Hardy pitching for Tigers. Bauers flied out to right. Hechavarria struck out swinging. Gómez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 10th. Andriese pitching for Rays. Castellanos reached on infield single to shortstop. Goodrum popped out to third. Jones struck out swinging. Hicks flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 10th. Hardy pitching for Tigers. Wendle grounded out to second. Kiermaier tripled to deep center. Duffy walked. Robertson singled to center, Kiermaier scored, Duffy to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 9 - Rays 10.	Robertson has RBI single in 10th, Rays beat Tigers 10-9