Tigers - Top 1st. Fillmyer pitching for Royals. Martín walked. Rodríguez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Martín out at second. Castellanos grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Liriano pitching for Tigers. Merrifield walked. Merrifield stole second. Herrera safe at first on error by first baseman Adduci, Merrifield to third. Pérez struck out swinging. Bonifacio popped out to shortstop. Dozier walked, Herrera to second. Duda singled to center, Merrifield and Herrera scored, Dozier to second. Orlando lined out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 2nd. Fillmyer pitching for Royals. Candelario grounded out to second. Martínez singled to right center. Adduci grounded into fielder's choice to third, Martínez out at second. McCann reached on infield single to shortstop, Adduci to second. Iglesias lined out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Liriano pitching for Tigers. Escobar grounded out to third. Butera singled to center. Merrifield struck out swinging. Herrera singled to left, Butera to second. Butera to third, Herrera to second on wild pitch by Liriano. Pérez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Fillmyer pitching for Royals. Reyes lined out to pitcher. Martín grounded out to first. Rodríguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Liriano pitching for Tigers. Bonifacio walked. Dozier flied out to center. Duda struck out looking. Orlando struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Fillmyer pitching for Royals. Castellanos struck out swinging. Candelario struck out looking. Martínez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Liriano pitching for Tigers. Escobar struck out swinging. Butera hit by pitch. Merrifield lined out to left. Herrera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Butera out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Fillmyer pitching for Royals. Adduci grounded out to first. McCann struck out swinging. Iglesias grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Liriano pitching for Tigers. Pérez grounded out to shortstop. Bonifacio doubled to right. Dozier grounded out to shortstop. Duda singled to left center, Bonifacio scored. Alcántara pitching for Tigers. Orlando grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Fillmyer pitching for Royals. Reyes struck out swinging. Martín struck out swinging. Rodríguez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Alcantara pitching for Tigers. Escobar struck out swinging. Butera doubled to deep right. Butera to third on wild pitch by Alcántara. Merrifield grounded out to third. Herrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Fillmyer pitching for Royals. Castellanos grounded out to shortstop. Candelario grounded out to second. Martínez walked. Adduci singled to shallow left, Martínez to second. McCarthy pitching for Royals. McCann singled to right, Martínez scored, Adduci to second. Adduci to third, McCann to second on passed ball by Butera. Iglesias safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Dozier, Adduci scored, McCann to third. Reyes grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Coleman pitching for Tigers. Pérez singled to center. Bonifacio popped out to shortstop. Moustakas hit for Dozier. Stumpf pitching for Tigers. Moustakas doubled to deep center, Pérez scored. Duda struck out swinging. Wilson pitching for Tigers. Goodwin hit for Orlando. Goodwin reached on infield single to shortstop, Moustakas to third. Escobar lined out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Gordon in left field. Moustakas at third base. Goodwin in center field. McCarthy pitching for Royals. Martín grounded out to second. Rodríguez grounded out to pitcher. Castellanos grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Wilson pitching for Tigers. Butera reached on infield single to third. Merrifield sacrificed to third, Butera to second. Herrera doubled to left, Butera to third. Pérez popped out to pitcher. Gordon grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Maurer pitching for Royals. Candelario singled to center. Martínez doubled to deep right, Candelario to third. Jones ran for Martínez. Adduci doubled to left, Candelario and Jones scored. Hammel pitching for Royals. McCann doubled to deep left center, Adduci scored. Iglesias grounded out to third. Reyes singled to center, McCann to third, Reyes to second advancing on throw. Martín intentionally walked. Rodríguez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Martín out at second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Greene pitching for Tigers. Moustakas grounded out to shortstop. Duda grounded out to shortstop. Goodwin singled to left center. Escobar fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 5 - Royals 4.	Tigers score 3 in ninth to defeat Royals 5-4