Orioles - Top 1st. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Markakis grounded out to first. Machado flied out to center. Jones singled to left. Davis homered to center (417 feet), Jones scored. Roberts grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Gardner grounded out to second. Suzuki grounded out to second. Cano grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Hardy flied out to center. Reimold reached on infield single to pitcher, Reimold to second on throwing error by pitcher Pettitte. Casilla doubled to deep left, Reimold scored. Teagarden grounded out to third. Markakis flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Hafner walked. Almonte singled to left, Hafner to second. Overbay singled to right, Hafner to third, Almonte to second. Cruz singled to shallow left, Hafner scored, Almonte to third, Overbay to second. Nunez hit sacrifice fly to left, Almonte scored, Overbay tagged out at third, Cruz to second. Stewart struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Machado doubled to left center. Jones struck out swinging. Davis flied out to center, Machado to third. Roberts flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Gardner grounded out to second. Suzuki popped out to shortstop. Cano flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Hardy doubled to deep left. Reimold flied out to center, Hardy to third. Casilla grounded out to second. Teagarden singled to left, Hardy scored. Teagarden caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Markakis batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Hafner grounded out to second. Almonte flied out to center. Overbay singled to right. Cruz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Markakis grounded out to second. Machado flied out to right. Jones lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Nunez singled to right. Stewart singled to left, Nunez to second. Gardner sacrificed to third, Nunez to third, Stewart to second. Suzuki reached on infield single to second, Nunez scored, Stewart to third. Cano singled to left, Stewart scored, Suzuki to second. Hafner struck out looking. Almonte grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Davis struck out swinging. Roberts singled to center. Hardy struck out swinging. Reimold grounded into fielder's choice to third, Roberts out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Overbay singled to right center. Cruz sacrificed to pitcher, Overbay to second. Nunez singled to center, Overbay scored, Nunez to second advancing on throw. Stewart walked. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Gardner grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Nunez out at third, Stewart to second. Suzuki grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Casilla reached on infield single to shortstop. Teagarden flied out to left. Casilla stole second. Markakis struck out looking. Kelley pitching for Yankees. Machado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Cano walked. Hafner struck out swinging. Wells hit for Almonte. Gausman pitching for Orioles. Wells flied out to left. Overbay grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Wells in left field. Robertson pitching for Yankees. Jones singled to right center. Davis struck out looking. Roberts grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Jones out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Gausman pitching for Orioles. Cruz grounded out to third. Nunez grounded out to shortstop. Stewart walked. Stewart to second on passed ball by Teagarden. Gardner struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Hardy grounded out to second. McLouth hit for Reimold. McLouth grounded out to second. Flaherty hit for Casilla. Flaherty reached on infield single to shortstop. Dickerson hit for Teagarden. Dickerson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 4 - Yankees 5.	Pettitte gets 11th straight win vs. O's