Yankees - Top 1st. Cashner pitching for Padres. Gardner grounded out to second. Jeter singled to right. Cano singled to right center, Jeter to third. Overbay struck out looking. Granderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Cabrera singled to right. Denorfia singled to right, Cabrera to second. Headley grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Denorfia out at second, Cabrera to third. Guzman walked, Headley to second. Alonso walked, Cabrera scored, Headley to third, Guzman to second. Gyorko grounded out to pitcher, Headley scored, Guzman to third, Alonso to second. Forsythe grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Cashner pitching for Padres. Suzuki singled to shallow left. Suzuki stole second. Nunez doubled to deep right, Suzuki scored. Stewart grounded out to second, Nunez to third. Sabathia grounded out to third, Nunez scored. Gardner lined out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Hundley grounded out to third. Cashner struck out swinging. Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop, Cabrera to second on throwing error by shortstop Jeter. Cabrera caught stealing third, catcher to third. Denorfia batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 3rd. Cashner pitching for Padres. Jeter flied out to center. Cano grounded out to second. Overbay fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Denorfia flied out to center. Headley doubled to left. Guzman flied out to center. Alonso singled to center, Headley thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Cashner pitching for Padres. Granderson grounded out to pitcher. Suzuki flied out to right. Nunez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Gyorko struck out swinging. Forsythe homered to left (363 feet). Hundley popped out to shortstop. Cashner reached on infield single to first. Cabrera tripled to deep center, Cashner scored. Denorfia grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Cashner pitching for Padres. Stewart singled to shallow right. Sabathia bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Stewart out at second. Gardner flied out to left. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Headley grounded out to third. Guzman singled to right. Alonso struck out looking. Gyorko lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Cashner pitching for Padres. Cano grounded out to shortstop. Overbay singled to right. Granderson lined into double play, to first, Overbay doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Forsythe struck out swinging. Hundley walked. Cashner flied out to left. Cabrera singled to center, Hundley to second. Denorfia singled to right, Hundley scored, Cabrera to third, Denorfia to second advancing on throw. Claiborne pitching for Yankees. Headley intentionally walked. Guzman struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Denorfia in right field. Venable in center field. Forsythe in left field. Cashner pitching for Padres. Suzuki lined out to third. Nunez lined out to pitcher. Stewart singled to left. Soriano hit for Claiborne. Soriano flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Chamberlain pitching for Yankees. Alonso grounded out to second. Gyorko homered to center (414 feet). Forsythe walked. Hundley reached on infield single to shortstop, Forsythe to second. Kotsay hit for Cashner. Kotsay grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hundley out at second, Forsythe to third. Cabrera grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Gregerson pitching for Padres. Gardner struck out swinging. Jeter lined out to second. Cano popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Warren pitching for Yankees. Denorfia grounded out to second. Headley grounded out to first. Venable homered to right (385 feet). Alonso singled to left center, Alonso out stretching at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Stauffer pitching for Padres. Overbay grounded out to first. Granderson struck out swinging. Suzuki lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 2 - Padres 7.	Padres slam Sabathia, Yankees