Blue Jays - Top 1st. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Reyes flied out to right. Davis reached on infield single to third. Encarnacion fouled out to first. Davis stole second. DeRosa popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Suzuki grounded out to second. Wells grounded out to third. Cano lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Lawrie grounded out to shortstop. Arencibia struck out swinging. Sierra flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Soriano flied out to left. Rodriguez grounded out to third. Granderson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Pillar flied out to left. Kawasaki grounded out to shortstop. Reyes grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Reynolds struck out swinging. Nunez flied out to right. Stewart flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Davis walked. Encarnacion flied out to center, Davis to second. Davis stole third. DeRosa struck out swinging. Lawrie grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Suzuki doubled to shallow left. Wells struck out swinging. Cano struck out looking. Soriano walked. Rodriguez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Arencibia homered to left (379 feet). Sierra fouled out to left. Pillar walked. Kawasaki singled to right, Pillar to second. Reyes reached on infield single to shortstop, Pillar to third, Kawasaki to second. Davis grounded into double play, third to first, Kawasaki out at third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Granderson homered to right (389 feet). Reynolds flied out to right. Nunez walked. Stewart singled to center, Nunez to second. Suzuki walked, Nunez to third, Stewart to second. Wells singled to center, Nunez scored, Stewart out at third, Suzuki to second. Cano grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Encarnacion flied out to right. DeRosa walked. Lawrie flied out to right. Arencibia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Soriano struck out swinging. Rodriguez walked. Rodriguez stole second. Granderson walked. Lincoln pitching for Blue Jays. Reynolds walked, Rodriguez to third, Granderson to second. Nunez singled to center, Rodriguez and Granderson scored, Reynolds to third. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. Stewart grounded out to third, Reynolds scored, Nunez to second. Suzuki struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Kelley pitching for Yankees. Sierra walked. Pillar singled to left center, Sierra to second. Kawasaki singled to left center, Sierra scored, Pillar to second. Reyes singled to right, Pillar to third, Kawasaki to second. Davis flied out to right. Encarnacion grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pillar scored, Kawasaki out at third, Reyes to second. Lind hit for DeRosa. Logan pitching for Yankees. Lind struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. Wells flied out to right. Cano grounded out to second. Wagner pitching for Blue Jays. Soriano struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Claiborne pitching for Yankees. Lawrie reached on infield single to shortstop. Arencibia grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lawrie out at second. Sierra grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Arencibia out at second. Pillar popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Wagner pitching for Blue Jays. Rodriguez safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Lawrie. Granderson flied out to center. Reynolds grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Rodriguez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Robertson pitching for Yankees. Gardner in center field. Kawasaki grounded out to shortstop. Reyes grounded out to second. Davis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 3 - Yankees 5.	Pettitte, Yanks handle Jays after long delay