Orioles - Top 1st. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. McLouth flied out to center. Machado grounded out to third. Jones flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Orioles. Gardner lined out to shortstop. Jeter grounded out to third. Cano lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Davis struck out swinging. Hardy fouled out to catcher. Markakis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Orioles. Soriano grounded out to shortstop. Rodriguez lined out to first. Granderson bunt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Valencia grounded out to third. Casilla struck out looking. Teagarden flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Orioles. Reynolds lined out to second. Suzuki walked. Romine grounded into double play, third to second to first, Suzuki out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. McLouth struck out swinging. Machado hit ground rule double to right. Jones grounded out to third. Machado to third on wild pitch by Sabathia. Davis singled to center, Machado scored. Hardy flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Orioles. Gardner flied out to center. Jeter grounded out to first. Cano walked. Soriano homered to right (381 feet), Cano scored. Rodriguez popped out to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Markakis reached on infield single to second. Markakis to second on wild pitch by Sabathia. Valencia homered to left center (417 feet), Markakis scored. Casilla walked. Casilla stole second. Teagarden sacrificed to pitcher, Casilla to third. McLouth lined out to shortstop. Machado singled to left, Casilla scored. Machado caught stealing second, pitcher to first to second. Jones batting. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Orioles. Granderson doubled to right. Reynolds doubled to deep left, Granderson scored. Suzuki homered to right (386 feet), Reynolds scored. Romine doubled to right. Gardner singled to left center, Romine to third. Jeter walked, Gardner to second. McFarland pitching for Orioles. Cano singled to right, Romine and Gardner scored, Jeter to second. Soriano grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cano out at second, Jeter to third. Rodriguez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Soriano out at second. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Jones doubled to left center. Davis popped out to third. Hardy grounded out to pitcher. Markakis singled to right, Jones scored. Kelley pitching for Yankees. Valencia singled to left, Markakis to third. Casilla grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. McFarland pitching for Orioles. Granderson grounded out to pitcher. Reynolds singled to center. Suzuki singled to center, Reynolds thrown out at third. Romine flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Kelley pitching for Yankees. Teagarden lined out to third. Logan pitching for Yankees. McLouth flied out to right. Robertson pitching for Yankees. Machado grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. McFarland pitching for Orioles. Gardner grounded out to first. Jeter struck out looking. Cano singled to left center. Rodriguez pitching for Orioles. Soriano hit by pitch, Cano to second. Rodriguez singled to left, Cano scored, Soriano to second. Soriano stole third. Rodriguez stole second. Granderson bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Soriano out at home. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Robertson pitching for Yankees. Jones grounded out to shortstop. Davis walked. Hardy struck out swinging. Markakis singled to center, Davis to second. Valencia flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Rodriguez pitching for Orioles. Reynolds doubled to left. Suzuki grounded out to second, Reynolds to third. Romine grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Reynolds out at home. Gardner grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Roberts hit for Casilla. Roberts grounded out to third. Wieters hit for Teagarden. Wieters popped out to second. McLouth flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 5 - Yankees 8.	Yanks pick up ineffective CC to top Orioles