White Sox - Top 1st. Hughes pitching for Yankees. De Aza flied out to center. Beckham flied out to right. Ramirez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Gardner hit ground rule double to deep center. Jeter singled to left, Gardner scored, Jeter to second on error by left fielder De Aza. Cano flied out to right, Jeter to third. Soriano struck out swinging. Rodriguez popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 2nd. Hughes pitching for Yankees. Dunn singled to center. Konerko flied out to left. Garcia struck out swinging. Huff pitching for Yankees. Gillaspie grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Axelrod pitching for White Sox. Wells lined out to left. Granderson flied out to center. Reynolds hit by pitch. Romine flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Huff pitching for Yankees. Jor Danks doubled to deep left. Phegley lined out to right. De Aza flied out to center, Jor Danks to third. Beckham grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Davis Axelrod pitching for White Sox. Gardner grounded out to second. Jeter flied out to right. Cano singled to center. Soriano struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Huff pitching for Yankees. Ramirez flied out to right. Dunn struck out swinging. Konerko flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Davis Axelrod pitching for White Sox. Rodriguez doubled to deep right. Wells reached on infield single to shortstop. Granderson walked, Rodriguez to third, Wells to second. Reynolds reached on infield single to third, Rodriguez scored, Wells to third, Granderson to second. Romine singled to center, Wells and Granderson scored, Reynolds to third. Gardner doubled to right, Reynolds scored, Romine to third. Jeter reached on infield single to third, Romine scored, Gardner to third. Cano popped out to second. Soriano doubled to left, Gardner scored, Jeter to third. Rodriguez walked. Petricka pitching for White Sox. Wells grounded into fielder's choice to first, Jeter and Soriano scored on throwing error by first baseman Dunn, Rodriguez safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Dunn. Granderson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wells out at second, Rodriguez to third. Reynolds grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Granderson out at second. 8 Runs, 7 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 5th. Huff pitching for Yankees. Garcia grounded out to shortstop. Gillaspie singled to right. Jor Danks grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Gillaspie out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Petricka pitching for White Sox. Romine struck out swinging. Gardner struck out looking. Jeter grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Huff pitching for Yankees. Phegley popped out to shortstop. De Aza singled to right center. Beckham fouled out to first. Ramirez popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Petricka pitching for White Sox. Cano grounded out to first. Soriano grounded out to shortstop. Rodriguez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Huff pitching for Yankees. Dunn struck out swinging. Konerko homered to left (401 feet). Garcia singled to center. Gillaspie popped into double play, second to first, Garcia doubled off first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Purcey pitching for White Sox. Wells walked. Granderson struck out swinging. Reynolds struck out swinging. Romine grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Overbay at first base. Reynolds at third base. Cabral pitching for Yankees. Jor Danks struck out looking. Phegley singled to center. De Aza struck out swinging. Phegley to second on wild pitch by Cabral. Beckham lined out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Anderson catching. Purcey pitching for White Sox. Gardner struck out swinging. Nunez hit for Jeter. Nunez grounded out to shortstop. Murphy hit for Cano. Murphy reached on infield single to third. Suzuki hit for Soriano. Suzuki flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Nunez at shortstop. Adams at second base. Suzuki in right field. Granderson in left field. Warren pitching for Yankees. Ramirez flied out to left. Dunn grounded out to first. Konerko walked. Garcia flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 1 - Yankees 9.	Jeter ends slump as Yanks batter White Sox