Athletics - Top 1st. Palmer pitching for Angels. Davis singled to center. Barton doubled to deep left, Davis scored. Sweeney grounded out to third. Kouzmanoff hit by pitch. Suzuki singled to left, Barton scored, Kouzmanoff to second, Kouzmanoff to third, Suzuki to second on throwing error by left fielder Rivera. Chavez grounded out to second, Kouzmanoff scored, Suzuki to third. Ellis flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Izturis bunt grounded out to pitcher. Abreu struck out looking. Hunter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Palmer pitching for Angels. Buck struck out looking. Pennington struck out swinging. Davis doubled to center. Barton doubled to center, Davis scored. Sweeney grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Matsui homered to center (403 feet). Morales lined out to third. Rivera reached on infield single to shortstop. Kendrick grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Rivera out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Palmer pitching for Angels. Kouzmanoff singled to center. Suzuki struck out swinging. Chavez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kouzmanoff out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Wood grounded out to shortstop. Mathis struck out swinging. Izturis singled to center. Abreu grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Palmer pitching for Angels. Ellis grounded out to shortstop. Buck grounded out to first. Pennington flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Hunter grounded out to shortstop. Matsui popped out to shortstop. Morales struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Palmer pitching for Angels. Davis grounded out to third. Barton walked. Sweeney singled to center, Barton to third. Kouzmanoff grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Barton scored, Sweeney out at second. Suzuki flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Rivera lined out to left. Kendrick walked. Wood struck out swinging. Mathis singled to left center, Kendrick to second. Izturis singled to left center, Kendrick scored, Mathis to second. Abreu struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Palmer pitching for Angels. Chavez doubled to deep right center. Ellis safe at first on error by pitcher Palmer, Chavez to third. Buck walked, Ellis to second. Pennington lined out to second. Davis singled to left, Chavez and Ellis scored, Buck to second. Barton singled to right, Buck to third, Davis to second. Sweeney grounded into fielder's choice to first, Buck out at home, Davis to third, Barton to second. Kouzmanoff struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 6th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Hunter popped out to first. Matsui lined out to pitcher. Morales flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Bulger pitching for Angels. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Chavez grounded out to second. Ellis walked. Buck singled to center, Ellis to third, Buck to second advancing on throw. Pennington homered to right, Ellis and Buck scored (390 feet). Davis lined out to center. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Rivera doubled to deep left. Kendrick walked. Wood flied out to right. Mathis struck out swinging. Izturis popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Cassevah pitching for Angels. Barton flied out to center. Sweeney grounded out to second. Kouzmanoff grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Ramirez pitching for Athletics. Abreu reached on infield single to shortstop. Evans struck out swinging. Matsui lined out to right. Wilson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Cassevah pitching for Angels. Suzuki grounded out to third. Chavez grounded out to pitcher. Ellis singled to center. Gross safe at first on error by second baseman Kendrick, Ellis to second. Pennington struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 9th. Ramirez pitching for Athletics. Rivera homered to left center (412 feet). Kendrick safe at second on error by pitcher Ramirez. Kendrick to third on wild pitch by Ramirez. Wood grounded out to third. Mathis hit sacrifice fly to center, Kendrick scored, Mathis to first on error by center fielder Davis. Izturis struck out swinging. Abreu struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Final score: Athletics 10 - Angels 4.	A's erupt to send Angels to fourth straight loss