Athletics - Top 1st. Weaver pitching for Angels. Davis struck out looking. Barton flied out to center. Sweeney grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Sheets pitching for Athletics. Aybar lined out to second. Abreu flied out to right. Hunter popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Weaver pitching for Angels. Kouzmanoff flied out to right. Suzuki struck out swinging. Chavez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Sheets pitching for Athletics. Matsui flied out to right. Morales flied out to left. Rivera safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Pennington. Izturis walked, Rivera to second. Kendrick grounded into fielder's choice to third, Izturis out at second, Rivera to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 3rd. Weaver pitching for Angels. Ellis struck out swinging. Buck fouled out to right. Pennington walked. Davis fouled out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Sheets pitching for Athletics. Mathis fouled out to catcher. Aybar struck out swinging. Abreu doubled to deep right center. Hunter reached on infield single to shortstop, Abreu to third. Matsui doubled to deep right center, Abreu scored, Hunter to third. Morales grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Barton lined out to first. Sweeney fouled out to catcher. Kouzmanoff homered to left (418 feet). Suzuki struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Sheets pitching for Athletics. Rivera doubled to deep left. Izturis grounded out to second, Rivera to third. Kendrick doubled to deep right center, Rivera scored. Mathis reached on bunt single to third, Kendrick to third. Aybar singled to left, Kendrick scored, Mathis to second. Abreu grounded out to second, Mathis to third, Aybar to second. Hunter grounded into fielder's choice to third, Aybar out at third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Chavez singled to center. Ellis struck out swinging. Buck struck out swinging. Pennington flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Sheets pitching for Athletics. Matsui singled to right. Morales doubled to right, Matsui to third. Rivera popped out to shortstop. Izturis walked. Kendrick grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Izturis out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Davis popped out to shortstop. Barton singled to center. Sweeney struck out swinging. Kouzmanoff singled to left, Barton to second. Suzuki popped out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Sheets pitching for Athletics. Mathis walked. Aybar reached on infield single to second, Mathis hit by batted ball out at second. Aybar caught stealing second, pitcher to shortstop to first. Abreu grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Jepsen pitching for Angels. Chavez doubled to left. Ellis grounded out to second. Chavez to third on wild pitch by Jepsen. Buck grounded out to shortstop, Chavez scored. Pennington struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Blevins pitching for Athletics. Hunter grounded out to shortstop. Matsui struck out swinging. Morales grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Shields pitching for Angels. Davis grounded out to second. Barton walked. Sweeney doubled to left, Barton to third. Kouzmanoff grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Barton scored, Sweeney out at third. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kouzmanoff out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Ziegler pitching for Athletics. Rivera struck out looking. Izturis struck out looking. Kendrick singled to center. Mathis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Rodney pitching for Angels. Chavez grounded out to pitcher. Ellis grounded out to shortstop. Buck struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 9th. Andrew Breslow pitching for Athletics. Aybar flied out to right. Abreu doubled to right. Hunter intentionally walked. Matsui singled to right, Abreu scored, Hunter to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 3 - Angels 4.	Matsui knocks in winning run as Angels edge A's