Angels - Top 1st. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Aybar grounded out to second. Abreu grounded out to second. Hunter lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Saunders pitching for Angels. Scutaro grounded out to shortstop. Pedroia struck out looking. Martinez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Morales reached on infield single to pitcher. Matsui struck out looking. Rivera safe at first on error by third baseman Beltre, Morales to second. Izturis grounded out to pitcher, Morales to third, Rivera to second. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Saunders pitching for Angels. Youkilis homered to left. Drew flied out to center. Lowell singled to center. Beltre grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lowell out at second. Hall homered to left, Beltre scored (404 feet). McDonald reached on infield single to second. Scutaro walked, McDonald to second. Pedroia fouled out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Napoli grounded out to third. Aybar grounded out to pitcher. Abreu grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Saunders pitching for Angels. Martinez grounded out to pitcher. Youkilis hit by pitch. Drew singled to left, Youkilis to second. Lowell doubled to deep center, Youkilis and Drew scored. Beltre struck out swinging. Hall struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Hunter walked. Hunter caught stealing second, pitcher to shortstop. Morales singled to center. Matsui singled to center, Morales to second. Rivera walked, Morales to third, Matsui to second. Izturis doubled to deep center, Morales and Matsui scored, Rivera to third. Kendrick grounded out to third, Rivera scored. Napoli struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Saunders pitching for Angels. McDonald singled to right. Scutaro grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, McDonald out at second. Pedroia flied out to center. Martinez hit ground rule double to deep right, Scutaro to third. Youkilis intentionally walked. Drew singled to center, Scutaro and Martinez scored, Youkilis to third. Lowell walked, Drew to second. Beltre grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lowell out at second, Drew to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Aybar grounded out to second. Abreu grounded out to shortstop. Hunter walked. Morales singled to right center, Hunter to third. Matsui flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Hall walked. Palmer pitching for Angels. McDonald struck out swinging. Scutaro struck out looking. Pedroia grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hall out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Rivera singled to center. Izturis singled to right, Rivera to third. Kendrick hit sacrifice fly to right, Rivera scored. Izturis caught stealing second, catcher to second. Napoli singled to left. Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox. Aybar struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Palmer pitching for Angels. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. Youkilis doubled to deep center. Drew singled to shallow center, Youkilis scored. Lowell doubled to deep left, Drew scored, Lowell to third advancing on throw. Beltre homered to left (392 feet), Lowell scored. Hall flied out to right. McDonald walked. Scutaro singled to left center, McDonald to second. Stokes pitching for Angels. Pedroia homered to left (377 feet), McDonald and Scutaro scored. Martinez singled to right. Martinez to second on wild pitch by Stokes. Youkilis grounded out to third. 7 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox. Abreu flied out to left. Hunter grounded out to shortstop. Morales grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Willits in center field. Stokes pitching for Angels. Drew doubled to deep right. Van Every ran for Drew. Lowell doubled to left, Van Every scored. Beltre doubled to deep right center, Lowell scored. Hall singled to center, Beltre to third. McDonald grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Beltre scored, Hall out at second. Scutaro grounded into double play, third to second to first, McDonald out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Ramirez pitching for Red Sox. Matsui grounded out to first. Rivera flied out to center. Wood flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Bulger pitching for Angels. Pedroia flied out to right. Martinez flied out to center. Youkilis walked. Van Every struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Schoeneweis pitching for Red Sox. Kendrick singled to center. Quinlan flied out to left. Aybar doubled to left, Kendrick to third. Abreu walked. Willits singled to center, Kendrick scored, Aybar to third, Abreu to second. Morales hit sacrifice fly to right, Aybar scored, Abreu to third, Willits to second. Budde doubled to left, Abreu and Willits scored. Rivera walked. Wood struck out looking. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 8 - Red Sox 17.	Red Sox rip Angels, end 3-game skid