Athletics - Top 1st. Santana pitching for Angels. Pennington hit ground rule double to deep right. Barton sacrificed to pitcher, Pennington to third. Sweeney grounded into fielder's choice to second, Pennington scored on throwing error by second baseman Kendrick. Kouzmanoff grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Sweeney out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 1st. Ross pitching for Athletics. Aybar grounded out to second. Kendrick struck out swinging. Abreu grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Santana pitching for Angels. Chavez struck out swinging. Cust flied out to right. Rosales flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Ross pitching for Athletics. Hunter flied out to center. Morales grounded out to shortstop. Matsui struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Santana pitching for Angels. Patterson homered to right (377 feet). Powell singled to right. Pennington struck out swinging. Barton walked, Powell to second. Sweeney singled to right, Powell to third, Barton to second. Kouzmanoff fouled out to first. Chavez flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Ross pitching for Athletics. Rivera flied out to right. Napoli flied out to center. Wood struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Santana pitching for Angels. Cust lined out to first. Rosales struck out swinging. Patterson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Ross pitching for Athletics. Aybar grounded out to second. Kendrick grounded out to third. Abreu reached on infield single to second. Hunter singled to right center, Abreu to third. Morales homered to center (400 feet), Abreu and Hunter scored. Blevins pitching for Athletics. Matsui struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Santana pitching for Angels. Powell singled to center. Powell to second on wild pitch by Santana. Pennington sacrificed to pitcher, Powell to third. Barton walked. Sweeney struck out looking. Kouzmanoff fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Blevins pitching for Athletics. Rivera doubled to left. Napoli singled to center, Rivera to third. Wood singled to left, Rivera scored, Napoli to second. Aybar sacrificed to pitcher, Napoli to third, Wood to second. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Kendrick singled to right, Napoli scored, Wood to third. Abreu singled to right, Wood scored, Kendrick to second. Hunter struck out looking, Kendrick stole third, Abreu stole second. Kendrick scored on throwing error by catcher Powell. Morales struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 6th. Santana pitching for Angels. Chavez doubled to left. Cust walked. Rosales flied out to center. Patterson struck out swinging. Powell singled to right, Chavez scored, Cust to third. Pennington flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Matsui hit by pitch. Rivera singled to center, Matsui to second. Napoli doubled to deep right center, Matsui scored, Rivera to third. Wood struck out swinging. Aybar grounded into fielder's choice to first, Rivera out at home, Napoli to third. Kendrick struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Bell pitching for Angels. Barton grounded out to first. Sweeney flied out to center. Kouzmanoff singled to center. Chavez singled to center, Kouzmanoff to second. Cust flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Abreu singled to right. Hunter doubled to deep center, Abreu scored. Morales homered to right center (405 feet), Hunter scored. Matsui doubled to deep left. Frandsen ran for Matsui. Rivera grounded out to second, Frandsen to third. Napoli hit by pitch. Wood hit sacrifice fly to left, Frandsen scored, Wood to second on error by left fielder Cust.M Napoli tagged out at third attempting to advance on play. Aybar flied out to right. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 8th. Willits in center field. Ryan in left field. Rivera in right field. Cassevah pitching for Angels. Rosales struck out swinging. Patterson grounded out to first. Powell lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Davis in center field. Gross in right field. Fox at third base. Rosales at shortstop. Patterson at second base. Donaldson catching. Breslow pitching for Athletics. Kendrick popped out to second. Willits singled to center. Ryan flied out to left. Morales struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Cassevah pitching for Angels. Davis singled to center. Barton flied out to left. Gross reached on infield single to second, Davis to second. Fox grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gross out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 3 - Angels 12.	Morales fuels Angels \n\n