Angels - Top 1st. Davies pitching for Royals. Izturis walked. Kendrick flied out to right. Abreu hit ground rule double to deep center, Izturis to third. Hunter singled to left, Izturis and Abreu scored. Matsui singled to center, Hunter to third. Napoli grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hunter scored, Matsui out at second. Rivera flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Kazmir pitching for Angels. Podsednik grounded out to second. Aviles walked. DeJesus singled to right center, Aviles to second. Butler grounded into double play, third to second to first, DeJesus out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Davies pitching for Royals. Frandsen flied out to left. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. Izturis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Kazmir pitching for Angels. Guillen struck out swinging. Callaspo walked. Betancourt struck out swinging. Bloomquist grounded into fielder's choice to third, Callaspo out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Davies pitching for Royals. Kendrick flied out to left. Abreu flied out to right. Hunter doubled to deep right center. Matsui flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Kazmir pitching for Angels. Kendall singled to right. Podsednik singled to left, Kendall to second. Aviles grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Podsednik out at second, Kendall to third. DeJesus singled to center, Kendall scored. Butler flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Davies pitching for Royals. Napoli singled to center. Rivera doubled to center, Napoli scored. Frandsen singled to right, Rivera scored. Wilson flied out to center. Frandsen out at second on runner's fielder's choice. Izturis grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Willits in left field. Kazmir pitching for Angels. Guillen walked. Callaspo flied out to left. Betancourt lined out to left. Bloomquist flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Davies pitching for Royals. Kendrick singled to center. Abreu walked, Kendrick to second. Marte pitching for Royals. Hunter struck out swinging. Matsui singled to right, Kendrick scored, Abreu to third. Napoli grounded into double play, third to second to first, Matsui out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Kazmir pitching for Angels. Kendall flied out to right. Podsednik flied out to center. Aviles grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Marte pitching for Royals. Willits grounded out to pitcher. Frandsen singled to left. Wilson flied out to center. Izturis safe at first on error by second baseman Aviles, Frandsen to second. Kendrick grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Izturis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 6th. Kazmir pitching for Angels. DeJesus grounded out to first. Butler singled to left. Guillen walked, Butler to second. Callaspo flied out to center, Butler to third. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Betancourt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Marte pitching for Royals. Abreu grounded out to second. Hunter homered to left (445 feet). Matsui lined out to first. Napoli struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Bloomquist fouled out to catcher. Kendall grounded out to shortstop. Podsednik struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Thompson pitching for Royals. Willits singled to center. Frandsen grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Willits out at second. Wilson singled to right, Frandsen to second. Izturis flied out to right, Frandsen to third. Kendrick grounded into fielder's choice to second, Wilson out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Bulger pitching for Angels. Aviles struck out swinging. DeJesus walked. Butler grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, DeJesus out at second. Guillen flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Thompson pitching for Royals. Abreu reached on infield single to shortstop. Hunter popped out to third. Matsui walked, Abreu to second. Quinlan ran for Matsui. Napoli flied out to center. Willits flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Shields pitching for Angels. Betemit hit for Callaspo. Betemit struck out swinging. Betancourt singled to center. Bloomquist singled to right center, Betancourt to third. Pena hit for Kendall. Pena hit sacrifice fly to left, Betancourt scored. Podsednik grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 7 - Royals 2.	Hunter lifts Kazmir as Angels handle Royals