Rangers - Top 1st. Weaver pitching for Angels. Andrus grounded out to second. Young popped out to second. Murphy singled to center. Guerrero flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Holland pitching for Rangers. Kendrick struck out swinging. Abreu grounded out to second. Hunter lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Weaver pitching for Angels. Cruz grounded out to third. Kinsler flied out to left. Moreland struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Holland pitching for Rangers. Napoli singled to left center. Rivera grounded out to third, Napoli to second. Callaspo grounded out to shortstop, Napoli to third. Wood singled to center, Napoli scored. Mathis popped out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Weaver pitching for Angels. Treanor grounded out to third. Borbon grounded out to second. Andrus flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Holland pitching for Rangers. Bourjos singled to center. Kendrick lined out to center. Abreu grounded out to second, Bourjos to second. Bourjos stole third. Hunter walked. Napoli walked, Hunter to second. Rivera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Young struck out swinging. Murphy doubled to deep right. Guerrero reached on infield single to third, Murphy to third. Cruz singled to left, Murphy scored, Guerrero to second. Kinsler grounded into double play, third to second to first, Cruz out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Holland pitching for Rangers. Callaspo grounded out to second. Wood walked. Mathis doubled to deep right center, Wood scored. Bourjos flied out to right, Mathis to third. Kendrick doubled to left, Mathis scored. Abreu hit ground rule double to deep right, Kendrick scored. Nippert pitching for Rangers. Hunter flied out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Moreland walked. Treanor singled to left, Moreland to second. Borbon bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Moreland out at third, Treanor to second. Andrus flied out to center. Young grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Nippert pitching for Rangers. Napoli struck out swinging. Rivera fouled out to third. Callaspo singled to center. Wood struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Murphy singled to right. Guerrero flied out to left. Cruz flied out to right. Kinsler reached on bunt single to third, Murphy to second. Moreland flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Nippert pitching for Rangers. Mathis struck out swinging. Bourjos reached on bunt single to catcher. Bourjos stole second. Kendrick hit by pitch. Rapada pitching for Rangers. Abreu flied out to center. Strop pitching for Rangers. Bourjos to third, Kendrick to second on passed ball by Treanor. Hunter singled to left, Bourjos and Kendrick scored. Napoli popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Treanor walked. Borbon singled to left center, Treanor to second. Andrus grounded into fielder's choice to second, Borbon out at second, Treanor to third. Young grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Treanor scored, Andrus out at second. Murphy singled to center, Young to second. Jepsen pitching for Angels. Guerrero singled to right, Young to third, Murphy to second. Cruz walked, Young scored, Murphy to third, Guerrero to second. Kinsler popped out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Strop pitching for Rangers. Rivera walked. Callaspo hit by pitch, Rivera to second. Frandsen ran for Callaspo. Willits ran for Rivera. Ogando pitching for Rangers. Wood flied out to left, Willits to third. Matsui hit for Mathis. Matsui reached on infield single to shortstop, Willits scored, Frandsen to second, Frandsen to third on error by first baseman Moreland. Bourjos struck out swinging. Kendrick grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Matsui out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 8th. Frandsen at third base. Wilson catching. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Moreland struck out looking. Davis hit for Treanor. Davis homered to right center (435 feet). Borbon singled to center. Andrus grounded out to third, Borbon to second. Young flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Molina catching. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Abreu singled to center. Abreu stole second. Hunter grounded out to shortstop. Napoli grounded out to shortstop. Willits flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Rodney pitching for Angels. Murphy reached on infield single to third. Guerrero grounded out to third, Murphy to second. Cruz struck out swinging. Kinsler hit by pitch. Moreland struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 4 - Angels 7.	Hunter backs Weaver as Angels top Rangers