Orioles - Top 1st . Lackey pitching for Red Sox . Montanez flied out to left . Jones struck out swinging . Markakis walked . Tejada flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Scutaro flied out to right . Pedroia grounded out to pitcher . Martinez popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Lackey pitching for Red Sox . Wieters singled to left . Scott doubled to left , Wieters to third , Wieters scored on error by left fielder Hermida . Wigginton singled to center , Scott to third . Hughes singled to right , Scott scored , Wigginton to third . Izturis flied out to left . Montanez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hughes out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Youkilis singled to shallow right . Lowell grounded into double play , third to second to first , Youkilis out at second . Varitek struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Lackey pitching for Red Sox . Jones reached on bunt single to pitcher . Markakis grounded out to second , Jones to second . Tejada popped out to second . Wieters grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Hall flied out to center . Hermida walked . McDonald struck out swinging . Scutaro grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hermida out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Lackey pitching for Red Sox . Scott struck out looking . Wigginton singled to right . Hughes singled to left center , Wigginton to second . Izturis grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hughes out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Pedroia singled to left . Martinez lined out to second . Youkilis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pedroia out at second . Lowell popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Lackey pitching for Red Sox . Montanez flied out to center . Jones struck out swinging . Markakis walked . Tejada singled to left , Markakis to second . Wieters popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Varitek homered to center ( 408 feet ) . Hall struck out swinging . Hermida struck out looking . McDonald singled to left . Scutaro walked , McDonald to second . Pedroia flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Lackey pitching for Red Sox . Scott grounded out to first . Wigginton homered to center ( 403 feet ) . Hughes flied out to center . Izturis grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Martinez singled to right . Youkilis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Martinez out at second . Lowell flied out to center . Varitek popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Lackey pitching for Red Sox . Montanez grounded out to first . Jones flied out to right . Markakis singled to center . Tejada flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Hall walked . Hermida singled to right , Hall to third . Ortiz hit for McDonald . Ortiz struck out looking , Hermida stole second . Scutaro homered to left ( 352 feet ) , Hall and Hermida scored . Pedroia doubled to right . Martinez walked . Mickolio pitching for Orioles . Youkilis homered to left ( 364 feet ) , Pedroia and Martinez scored . Lowell fouled out to first . Varitek struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Schoeneweis pitching for Red Sox . Wieters grounded out to shortstop . Scott singled to right . Wigginton reached on infield single to shortstop , Scott to second . Hughes grounded out to pitcher , Scott to third , Wigginton to second . Ramirez pitching for Red Sox . Reimold struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Castillo pitching for Orioles . Hall struck out swinging . Hermida flied out to center . Van Every struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Ramirez pitching for Red Sox . Montanez grounded out to second . Jones homered to left ( 418 feet ) . Markakis doubled to left center . Papelbon pitching for Red Sox . Tejada singled to center , Markakis to third . Wieters singled to right center , Markakis scored , Tejada to third . Scott singled to right , Tejada scored , Wieters to second . Wigginton struck out swinging . Hughes struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 6 - Red Sox 7 .	Red Sox pick apart bullpen to rally past Orioles