Yankees - Top 1st . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Jeter struck out swinging . Johnson struck out swinging . Teixeira struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Scutaro flied out to left . Pedroia popped out to second . Drew flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Rodriguez grounded out to second . Cano struck out swinging . Swisher struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Youkilis lined out to left . Ortiz struck out swinging . Beltre grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Gardner grounded out to pitcher . Cervelli singled to right . Winn grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Cervelli out at second . Jeter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Hermida grounded out to shortstop . Varitek walked . McDonald struck out looking . Scutaro struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Johnson grounded out to second . Teixeira walked . Rodriguez singled to right , Teixeira to second . Cano struck out swinging . Swisher homered to center ( 399 feet ) , Teixeira and Rodriguez scored . Gardner singled to left center . Cervelli reached on infield single to shortstop , Gardner to second . Winn grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Pedroia grounded out to third . Drew singled to right . Youkilis singled to deep left , Drew to third . Ortiz hit sacrifice fly to right , Drew scored . Beltre struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . Thames hit for Johnson . Thames flied out to center . Teixeira flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Hermida grounded out to shortstop . Varitek struck out swinging . McDonald singled to right . Scutaro singled to center , McDonald to third . Pedroia flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Rodriguez doubled to left center . Cano hit by pitch . Pena ran for Cano . Rodriguez to third , Pena to second on passed ball by Varitek . Swisher struck out swinging . Gardner intentionally walked . Cervelli walked , Rodriguez scored , Pena to third , Gardner to second . Winn singled to left , Pena scored , Gardner to third , Cervelli to second . Jeter hit by pitch , Gardner scored , Cervelli to third , Winn to second . Thames reached on infield single to shortstop , Cervelli scored , Winn to third , Jeter to second . Teixeira singled to right , Winn scored , Jeter to third , Thames to second . Okajima pitching for Red Sox . Rodriguez hit sacrifice fly to center , Jeter scored , Thames to third . Pena struck out looking . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Drew doubled to deep right . Youkilis grounded out to third , Drew to third . Ortiz singled to center , Drew scored . Beltre struck out looking . Hermida struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Martinez catching . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Swisher flied out to center . Gardner lined out to first . Cervelli grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Martinez singled to center . McDonald grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Martinez out at second . Scutaro grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , McDonald out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Winn singled to center . Jeter flied out to right . Winn to second on wild pitch by Wakefield . Winn to third on wild pitch by Wakefield . Thames hit sacrifice fly to center , Winn scored . Teixeira flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Robertson pitching for Yankees . Pedroia struck out swinging . Van Every hit for Drew . Van Every walked . Youkilis walked , Van Every to second . Ortiz struck out looking . Beltre singled to right center , Van Every scored , Youkilis to second . Hermida fouled out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Rodriguez popped out to catcher . Pena singled to right center . Swisher grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Pena out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Logan pitching for Yankees . Martinez singled to left center . McDonald fouled out to second . Hall flied out to right . Pedroia grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Martinez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 10 - Red Sox 3 .	Yankees rout Red Sox