Yankees - Top 1st . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Jeter reached on infield single to shortstop . Gardner reached on bunt single to catcher , Jeter to second . Teixeira grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gardner out at second , Jeter to third . Rodriguez walked . Cano flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Scutaro fouled out to first . Pedroia lined out to center . Martinez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Swisher grounded out to first . Winn grounded out to pitcher . Cervelli grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Youkilis singled to right . Lowell singled to right , Youkilis to second . Drew struck out swinging . Beltre grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lowell out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Pena doubled to deep left . Jeter walked . Gardner sacrificed to catcher , Pena to third , Jeter to second . Teixeira singled to right , Pena scored , Jeter to third . Rodriguez singled to left , Jeter scored , Teixeira to second . Cano grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rodriguez out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Hall struck out swinging . McDonald homered to center ( 402   feet ) . Scutaro flied out to left . Pedroia hit by pitch . Martinez homered to left ( 407 feet ) , Pedroia scored . Youkilis walked . Lowell struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Swisher walked . Winn grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Swisher safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Beltre . Cervelli singled to center , Swisher scored , Winn thrown out at home , Cervelli to second advancing on throw . Cervelli to third on wild pitch by Buchholz . Pena grounded out to second . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Drew flied out to right . Beltre grounded out to pitcher . Hall struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Gardner grounded out to first . Teixeira homered to right ( 411 feet ) . Rodriguez walked . Cano singled to center , Rodriguez to second . Swisher struck out looking . Winn walked , Rodriguez to third , Cano to second . Cervelli singled to center , Rodriguez and Cano scored , Winn thrown out at third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . McDonald lined out to first . Scutaro walked . Pedroia popped out to second . Martinez fouled out to second . Aceves pitching for Yankees . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox . Pena walked . Jeter grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Pena out at second . Gardner lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Aceves pitching for Yankees . Youkilis singled to left . Lowell struck out swinging . Drew singled to center , Youkilis to second . Beltre grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Drew out at second , Youkilis to third . Hermida hit for Hall . Hermida struck out swinging . Logan pitching for Yankees . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Hermida in left field . Ramirez pitching for Red Sox . Teixeira homered to right ( 378 feet ) . Rodriguez singled to left . Schoeneweis pitching for Red Sox . Rodriguez stole second . Cano struck out swinging . Swisher singled to right , Rodriguez scored . Winn struck out swinging . Cervelli walked , Swisher to second . Pena flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Robertson pitching for Yankees . McDonald struck out swinging . Scutaro singled to center . Pedroia singled to center , Scutaro to second . Chamberlain pitching for Yankees . Martinez flied out to center . Youkilis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Schoeneweis pitching for Red Sox . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . Gardner singled to center . Teixeira lined out to center . Gardner stole second . Rodriguez walked . Cano walked , Gardner to third , Rodriguez to second . Bard pitching for Red Sox . Swisher singled to deep right , Gardner and Rodriguez scored , Cano to third . Winn walked , Swisher to second . Cervelli singled to center , Cano and Swisher scored , Winn to second . Pena flied out to right . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Russo at second base . Pena at third base . Chamberlain pitching for Yankees . Lowell flied out to right . Drew walked . Beltre struck out swinging . Marte pitching for Yankees . Hermida struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Van Every pitching for Red Sox . Jeter doubled to deep center . Gardner struck out looking . Teixeira homered to left ( 374 feet ) , Jeter scored . Russo flied out to right . Cano grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Marte pitching for Yankees . McDonald grounded out to shortstop . Scutaro popped out to second . Pedroia walked . Martinez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pedroia out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 14 - Red Sox 3 .	Teixeira ( 3 HRs ) lifts Yanks by Red Sox