Red Sox - Top 1st . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Scutaro grounded out to shortstop . Pedroia struck out swinging . Drew singled to center . Youkilis walked , Drew to second . Martinez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . Gardner grounded out to first . Teixeira struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Ortiz singled to left center . Beltre struck out swinging . Hall flied out to right . McDonald flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Rodriguez singled to center . Cano grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rodriguez safe at second on error by shortstop Scutaro . Cervelli grounded out to third , Rodriguez to third , Cano to second . Thames walked . Miranda singled to right , Rodriguez scored , Cano to third , Thames to second . Winn grounded out to second , Cano scored , Thames to third , Miranda to second . Jeter struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Scutaro singled to left . Pedroia flied out to right . Drew grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Scutaro out at second . Youkilis walked , Drew to second . Martinez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Gardner struck out looking . Teixeira grounded out to second . Rodriguez walked . Cano grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Ortiz walked . Beltre grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ortiz out at second . Hall popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Cervelli flied out to right . Thames struck out swinging . Miranda homered to right ( 396 feet ) . Winn struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . McDonald grounded out to third . Scutaro struck out looking . Pedroia struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Jeter struck out swinging . Gardner doubled to deep right . Teixeira walked . Rodriguez lined out to left . Cano doubled to deep right , Gardner and Teixeira scored . Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox . Cervelli lined out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Drew flied out to center . Youkilis homered to left ( 383 feet ) . Martinez fouled out to catcher . Ortiz grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox . Thames walked . Miranda grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Thames out at second . Winn walked , Miranda to second . Jeter walked , Miranda to third , Winn to second . Gardner grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Miranda out at home , Winn to third , Jeter to second . Teixeira fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Beltre grounded out to shortstop . Hall flied out to right . McDonald grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Ramirez pitching for Red Sox . Rodriguez singled to right . Cano grounded out to third , Rodriguez to second . Cervelli struck out swinging . Thames popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Chamberlain pitching for Yankees . Scutaro safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Rodriguez . Pedroia singled to right , Scutaro to second . Drew doubled to deep left , Scutaro scored , Pedroia to third . Youkilis singled to right , Pedroia and Drew scored . Martinez grounded out to second , Youkilis to second . Ortiz singled to deep right center , Youkilis scored , Ortiz thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . Beltre grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Okajima pitching for Red Sox . Miranda struck out swinging . Winn struck out swinging . Jeter singled to center . Gardner walked , Jeter to second . Bard pitching for Red Sox . Teixeira flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Lowell grounded out to third . McDonald singled to left center . Scutaro safe at first on error by right fielder Thames , McDonald to second . Pedroia grounded out to first , McDonald to third , Scutaro to second . Hermida doubled to deep left , McDonald and Scutaro scored . Youkilis flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 9th . Papelbon pitching for Red Sox . Rodriguez safe at first on error by shortstop Scutaro . Rodriguez to second on fielder 's indifference . Cano doubled to deep left , Rodriguez scored . Cervelli sacrificed to third , Cano to third . Thames walked . Pena ran for Thames . Miranda grounded out to pitcher , Pena to second . Winn struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Red Sox 7 - Yankees 6 .	Red Sox stun protesting Yankees