Athletics - Top 1st . Lackey pitching for Red Sox . Davis struck out looking . Barton popped out to shortstop . Sweeney grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Scutaro grounded out to shortstop . Pedroia lined out to first . Martinez singled to center . Youkilis walked , Martinez to second . Ortiz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Lackey pitching for Red Sox . Suzuki grounded out to third . Cust lined out to second . Kouzmanoff reached on infield single to third . Gross singled to left center , Kouzmanoff to third . Ellis lined out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Beltre reached on infield single to third . Drew flied out to left . Hall walked , Beltre to second . McDonald walked , Beltre to third , Hall to second . Scutaro popped out to shortstop . Pedroia popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Lackey pitching for Red Sox . Pennington flied out to left . Davis singled to center . Davis stole second , Davis safe at third on throwing error by catcher Martinez . Barton homered to right ( 394 feet ) , Davis scored . Sweeney struck out looking . Suzuki tripled to deep center . Cust grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Martinez doubled to left . Youkilis struck out swinging . Ortiz walked . Beltre grounded into double play , third to first , Martinez out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Lackey pitching for Red Sox . Kouzmanoff doubled to deep left . Gross doubled to right , Kouzmanoff to third . Ellis walked . Pennington grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Kouzmanoff out at home , Gross to third , Ellis to second . Davis flied out to center . Barton popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Drew struck out swinging . Hall struck out swinging . McDonald singled to center . Scutaro flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Lackey pitching for Red Sox . Sweeney doubled to deep left . Suzuki struck out looking . Cust singled to left center , Sweeney scored . Kouzmanoff popped out to shortstop . Gross singled to right center , Cust to second . Cust to third on wild pitch by Lackey . Ellis doubled to right , Cust scored , Gross to third . Pennington lined out to left . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Pedroia grounded out to shortstop . Martinez doubled to deep center . Youkilis reached on infield single to third . Ortiz struck out swinging . Beltre homered to left ( 410 feet ) , Martinez and Youkilis scored . Drew grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Lackey pitching for Red Sox . Davis struck out looking . Barton walked . Sweeney singled to left , Barton to second . Suzuki flied out to center . Cust grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Ross pitching for Athletics . Hall walked . McDonald walked , Hall to second . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Scutaro walked , Hall to third , McDonald to second . Pedroia grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hall scored , Scutaro out at second , McDonald to third . Martinez hit ground rule double to deep center , McDonald scored . Youkilis grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox . Kouzmanoff grounded out to third . Gross grounded out to shortstop . Ellis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Andrew Breslow pitching for Athletics . Ortiz grounded out to second . Beltre lined out to right . Drew walked . Hall tripled to deep center , Drew scored . Wuertz pitching for Athletics . McDonald struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Bard pitching for Red Sox . Pennington popped out to shortstop . Davis grounded out to third . Barton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Wuertz pitching for Athletics . Scutaro flied out to right . Pedroia hit ground rule double to deep center . Pedroia to third on wild pitch by Wuertz . Martinez hit ground rule double to deep right , Pedroia scored . Martinez to third on wild pitch by Wuertz . Youkilis singled to left , Martinez scored . Blevins pitching for Athletics . Ortiz flied out to center . Beltre singled to right , Youkilis to third . Drew singled to center , Youkilis scored , Beltre to third . Hall walked , Drew to second . McDonald popped out to second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Nelson pitching for Red Sox . Varitek catching . Sweeney struck out swinging . Suzuki doubled to deep left . Cust flied out to left . Kouzmanoff struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 4 - Red Sox 9 .	Martinez lifts Red Sox by A 's