Red Sox - Top 1st . Masterson pitching for Indians . Scutaro lined out to first . Pedroia grounded out to third . Ortiz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Crowe singled to right center . Choo walked , Crowe to second . Kearns flied out to right . Branyan walked , Crowe to third , Choo to second . Peralta hit sacrifice fly to right , Crowe scored , Choo to third , Branyan to second . Hafner grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Masterson pitching for Indians . Youkilis grounded out to shortstop . Martinez singled to left . Drew grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Martinez out at second . Beltre grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Valbuena flied out to left . Hernandez lined out to shortstop . Marson popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Masterson pitching for Indians . Hermida struck out swinging . Reddick grounded out to second . Scutaro grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Crowe tripled to deep center . Choo walked . Kearns grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Crowe scored , Choo out at second . Branyan popped out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Masterson pitching for Indians . Pedroia grounded out to first . Ortiz grounded out to second . Youkilis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Peralta reached on infield single to third . Peralta to second on wild pitch by Buchholz . Hafner grounded out to first , Peralta to third . Peralta scored on Buchholz ' wild pitch . Valbuena grounded out to second . Hernandez flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Masterson pitching for Indians . Martinez flied out to right . Drew singled to left . Beltre grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Drew out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Marson walked . Crowe flied out to center . Choo grounded out to pitcher , Marson to second . Kearns grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Masterson pitching for Indians . Hermida walked . Reddick struck out swinging . Scutaro grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hermida out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Branyan struck out swinging . Peralta flied out to center . Hafner grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Masterson pitching for Indians . Pedroia grounded out to second . Ortiz struck out swinging . Youkilis walked . Martinez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Valbuena flied out to left . Hernandez grounded out to second . Marson lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Masterson pitching for Indians . Drew grounded out to second . Beltre grounded out to shortstop . Hermida struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Bonser pitching for Red Sox . Crowe walked . Crowe stole second . Choo singled to center , Crowe to third . Kearns walked , Choo to second . Branyan singled to right , Crowe scored , Choo to third , Kearns to second . Nelson pitching for Red Sox . Peralta singled to right , Choo scored , Kearns to third , Branyan to second . Hafner homered to right , Kearns , Branyan and Peralta scored . Valbuena singled to right . Hernandez doubled to deep right , Valbuena to third . Marson walked . Crowe grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Valbuena scored , Marson out at second , Hernandez to third . Choo walked . Kearns walked , Choo to second . Branyan reached on infield single to third , Hernandez scored , Choo to third , Kearns to second . Peralta struck out looking . 8 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Masterson pitching for Indians . Reddick grounded out to second . Scutaro flied out to center . Pedroia flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 0 - Indians 11 .	Hafner lifts Masterson , Indians past Red Sox