Red Sox - Top 1st . Talbot pitching for Indians . Scutaro doubled to deep left center . Pedroia singled to left , Scutaro scored . Ortiz walked , Pedroia to second . Youkilis safe at first on error by third baseman Marte , Pedroia to third , Ortiz to second . Martinez hit sacrifice fly to left , Pedroia scored . Drew walked , Ortiz to third , Youkilis to second . Beltre popped out to second . Cameron safe at first on error by third baseman Marte , Ortiz scored , Youkilis advanced to third , Drew advanced to second . Youkilis scored , Drew to third , Cameron to second on throwing error by third baseman Marte . Hall struck out looking . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 3 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Crowe struck out looking . Choo grounded out to first . Kearns struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Talbot pitching for Indians . Scutaro singled to center . Pedroia singled to left , Scutaro to second . Ortiz popped out to shortstop . Youkilis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pedroia out at second , Scutaro to third . Martinez doubled to deep right , Scutaro scored , Youkilis to third . Drew walked . Beltre grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Hafner popped out to second . Duncan struck out looking . Marte struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Talbot pitching for Indians . Cameron singled to deep left center , Cameron out stretching at second . Hall grounded out to pitcher . Scutaro struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Hernandez singled to left . Marson struck out swinging . Donald singled to center , Hernandez to second . Crowe doubled to deep left , Hernandez scored , Donald to third . Choo hit sacrifice fly to left , Donald scored . Kearns singled to left , Crowe scored , Kearns to second advancing on throw . Hafner flied out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Talbot pitching for Indians . Pedroia flied out to center . Ortiz flied out to left . Youkilis walked . Martinez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Duncan struck out swinging . Marte singled to center . Hernandez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Marte out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Lewis pitching for Indians . Drew flied out to center . Beltre singled to deep left , Beltre to second on throwing error by left fielder Kearns . Cameron flied out to right . Hall lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 5th . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Marson flied out to left . Donald hit ground rule double to deep right center . Crowe popped out to third . Choo grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Lewis pitching for Indians . Scutaro grounded out to third . Pedroia struck out swinging . Ortiz lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Kearns walked . Hafner struck out swinging . Duncan singled to shallow center , Kearns to second . Marte singled to left , Kearns scored , Duncan to second . Hernandez grounded out to third , Duncan to third , Marte to second . Marson singled to right , Duncan and Marte scored . Marson stole second . Donald struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Herrmann pitching for Indians . Youkilis grounded out to third . Martinez grounded out to first . Drew doubled to deep right center . Beltre walked . Perez pitching for Indians . Cameron flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Lowell at first base . Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox . Crowe struck out swinging . Choo singled to left center . Kearns walked , Choo to second . Hafner walked , Choo to third , Kearns to second . Duncan struck out swinging . Branyan hit for Marte . Branyan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Peralta at third base . Branyan at first base . Perez pitching for Indians . Hall singled to left . Scutaro sacrificed to first , Hall to second . Pedroia flied out to center . Ortiz grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Ramirez pitching for Red Sox . Hernandez bunt grounded out to third . Marson grounded out to shortstop . Donald struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Wood pitching for Indians . Lowell grounded out to pitcher . Martinez popped out to shortstop . Drew hit by pitch . Beltre homered to left center ( 397 feet ) , Drew scored . Cameron popped out to catcher . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Bard pitching for Red Sox . Crowe walked . Choo doubled to left , Crowe to third . Kearns walked . Hafner struck out looking . Peralta fouled out to catcher . Branyan singled to right , Crowe and Choo scored , Kearns to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 7 - Indians 8 .	Red Sox lose in 9th \n\n