Red Sox - Top 1st . Sanchez pitching for Giants . Scutaro singled to center . Nava walked , Scutaro to second . Pedroia struck out swinging . Youkilis homered to left ( 422 feet ) , Scutaro and Nava scored . Martinez grounded out to shortstop . Beltre struck out looking . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Torres lined out to first . Sanchez flied out to right . Huff grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Sanchez pitching for Giants . Hall struck out swinging . McDonald safe at first on error by shortstop Uribe . Wakefield sacrificed to catcher , McDonald to second . Scutaro walked . Nava grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Uribe struck out looking . Sandoval singled to left . Sandoval to second on wild pitch by Wakefield . Posey singled to left center , Sandoval scored . Rowand walked , Posey to second . Whiteside reached on infield single to shortstop , Posey to third , Rowand to second . Sanchez reached on bunt single to pitcher , Posey scored , Rowand to third , Whiteside to second , Rowand scored , Whiteside to third on throwing error by pitcher Wakefield . Torres grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Whiteside out at home , Sanchez to second . Sanchez grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Sanchez pitching for Giants . Pedroia walked . Cameron ran for Pedroia . Youkilis flied out to right . Martinez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Cameron out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Cameron in center field . Hall at second base . McDonald in right field . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Huff grounded out to second . Uribe homered to left ( 393 feet ) . Sandoval grounded out to second . Posey reached on infield single to third . Rowand grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Posey out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Sanchez pitching for Giants . Beltre struck out swinging . Hall struck out looking . McDonald flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Whiteside struck out looking . Sanchez singled to center . Torres grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Sanchez out at second . Sanchez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Sanchez pitching for Giants . Wakefield struck out swinging . Scutaro popped out to second . Nava lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Huff grounded out to pitcher . Uribe flied out to center . Sandoval reached on infield single to pitcher . Posey singled to left , Sandoval to second . Rowand fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Sanchez pitching for Giants . Cameron reached on infield single to third . Youkilis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cameron out at second . Youkilis to second on wild pitch by Sanchez . Martinez walked . Romo pitching for Giants . Beltre flied out to center . Hall walked , Youkilis to third , Martinez to second . McDonald struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Whiteside struck out looking . Ishikawa hit for Romo . Ishikawa singled to center . Torres sacrificed to catcher , Ishikawa to second . Sanchez walked . Huff grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Casilla pitching for Giants . Wakefield walked . Scutaro grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wakefield out at second . Scutaro to second on wild pitch by Casilla . Scutaro to third on wild pitch by Casilla . Nava walked . Cameron fouled out to first . Nava to second on wild pitch by Casilla . Youkilis walked . Martinez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Uribe singled to left . Sandoval flied out to left . Posey flied out to right . Rowand lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Casilla pitching for Giants . Beltre lined out to shortstop . Hall struck out swinging . Torres in center field . Wilson pitching for Giants . Schierholtz in right field . McDonald singled to right . Ortiz hit for Wakefield . Ortiz walked , McDonald to second . Scutaro struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Ramirez pitching for Red Sox . Whiteside struck out looking . Schierholtz singled to right center . Torres grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Schierholtz to second . Schierholtz to third , Torres to second on wild pitch by Ramirez . Sanchez hit sacrifice fly to right , Schierholtz scored , Torres to third . Huff struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Wilson pitching for Giants . Nava flied out to left . Cameron struck out looking . Youkilis tripled to deep right center . Martinez singled to left , Youkilis scored . Beltre singled to left , Martinez to second . Hall walked , Martinez to third , Beltre to second . McDonald grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 4 - Giants 5 .	Red Sox lose Pedroia , game as Giants rally