Mariners - Top 1st . Lackey pitching for Red Sox . Suzuki struck out swinging . Figgins grounded out to shortstop . Branyan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Fister pitching for Mariners . Scutaro flied out to right . Drew flied out to center . Martinez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Lackey pitching for Red Sox . Gutierrez grounded out to third . Kotchman singled to deep center , Kotchman out stretching at second . Moore struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Fister pitching for Mariners . Ortiz struck out swinging . Beltre singled to center . Lowell struck out looking . Lowrie popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Lackey pitching for Red Sox . Langerhans walked . Tuiasosopo grounded out to third , Langerhans to second . Woodward struck out looking . Suzuki intentionally walked . Figgins reached on infield single to second , Langerhans to third , Suzuki to second , Langerhans scored on error by second baseman Lowrie . Branyan struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Fister pitching for Mariners . Nava flied out to center . Kalish struck out looking . Scutaro grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Lackey pitching for Red Sox . Gutierrez flied out to left . Kotchman struck out looking . Moore struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Fister pitching for Mariners . Drew grounded out to first . Martinez struck out looking . Ortiz flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Lackey pitching for Red Sox . Langerhans grounded out to first . Tuiasosopo struck out looking . Woodward struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Fister pitching for Mariners . Beltre singled to center . Lowell struck out swinging . Lowrie safe at second on error by left fielder Langerhans , Beltre to third . Nava walked . Kalish popped out to shortstop . Scutaro singled to right , Beltre and Lowrie scored , Nava to second . Drew singled to center , Nava scored , Drew to second , Scutaro to second , Scutaro to third advancing on throw . Martinez grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 6th . Lackey pitching for Red Sox . Suzuki singled to left . Figgins singled to left , Suzuki to second . Branyan struck out swinging . Gutierrez safe at first on error by pitcher Lackey , Suzuki to third , Figgins to second . Kotchman singled to right , Suzuki and Figgins scored , Gutierrez to third . Moore grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gutierrez out at home , Kotchman to second . Langerhans flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Fister pitching for Mariners . Ortiz popped out to first . Beltre flied out to right . Lowell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Lackey pitching for Red Sox . Tuiasosopo grounded out to third . Woodward lined out to third . Suzuki grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Fister pitching for Mariners . Lowrie singled to center . Nava singled to center , Lowrie to second . Kalish sacrificed to pitcher , Lowrie to third , Nava to second . White pitching for Mariners . McDonald ran for Nava . Scutaro singled to center , Lowrie and McDonald scored . Drew singled to right , Scutaro to third . Martinez hit sacrifice fly to left , Scutaro scored . Ortiz singled to right , Drew to third . Beltre lined out to left . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . McDonald in left field . Lackey pitching for Red Sox . Figgins singled to left . Figgins stole second . Branyan popped out to second . Gutierrez grounded out to third , Figgins to third . Kotchman grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Olson pitching for Mariners . Lowell singled to left . Lowrie grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lowell out at second . McDonald lined out to center . Kalish struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Papelbon pitching for Red Sox . Moore singled to right . Langerhans struck out swinging . Tuiasosopo struck out swinging . Moore to second on fielder 's indifference . Woodward flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 3 - Red Sox 6 .	Scutaro drives in 4 as Red Sox win third straight