Athletics - Top 1st . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Burns struck out swinging . Canha homered to right center ( 374 feet ) . Lowrie singled to left . Butler flied out to right . Davis grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . Carrera singled to center . Donaldson singled to center , Carrera to second . Carrera to third , Donaldson to second on wild pitch by Bassitt . Bautista grounded out to shortstop , Carrera scored . Encarnaci贸n struck out swinging . Tulowitzki reached on infield single to shortstop , Donaldson to third . Smoak walked , Tulowitzki to second . Martin reached on infield single to third , Donaldson scored , Tulowitzki to third , Smoak to second . Goins grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Crisp grounded out to pitcher . Semien grounded out to pitcher . Phegley flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . Pillar reached on infield single to shortstop . Carrera hit ground rule double to deep right , Pillar to third . Donaldson homered to center ( 413 feet ) , Pillar and Carrera scored . Bautista flied out to center . Encarnaci贸n flied out to right . Tulowitzki flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Coghlan flied out to center . Burns singled to center . Canha grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Burns out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . Smoak popped out to shortstop . Martin struck out looking . Goins lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Lowrie singled to center . Butler singled to right , Lowrie to second . Davis grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Butler out at second , Lowrie to third . Crisp singled to shallow left , Lowrie scored . Semien flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . Pillar grounded out to shortstop . Carrera singled to right . Carrera stole second . Donaldson lined out to third . Bautista walked . Encarnaci贸n struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Phegley grounded out to first . Coghlan lined out to left . Burns lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . Tulowitzki homered to center ( 422 feet ) . Smoak flied out to left . Martin struck out looking . Goins struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Canha grounded out to second . Lowrie lined out to right . Butler flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Hendriks pitching for Athletics . Pillar hit ground rule double to right . Carrera grounded out to second , Pillar to third . Donaldson hit by pitch . Bautista hit sacrifice fly to right , Pillar scored . Encarnaci贸n grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Donaldson out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Davis hit by pitch . Crisp walked , Davis to second . Semien grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Crisp out at second , Davis to third . Phegley singled to left , Davis scored . Coghlan bunt popped out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Hendriks pitching for Athletics . Tulowitzki homered to center ( 420 feet ) . Smoak struck out looking . Martin struck out swinging . Goins struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Floyd pitching for Blue Jays . Burns struck out swinging . Canha struck out swinging . Lowrie grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Rzepczynski pitching for Athletics . Pillar struck out swinging . Carrera reached on infield single to pitcher , Carrera to third on throwing error by pitcher Rzepczynski . Donaldson singled to center , Carrera scored . Bautista grounded into double play , third to second to first , Donaldson out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 9th . Floyd pitching for Blue Jays . Butler grounded out to second . Davis lined out to left . Crisp grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 3 - Blue Jays 9 .	Tulowitzki homers twice , Blue Jays beat Athletics 9 - 3