Blue Jays - Top 1st . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Pillar flied out to center . Donaldson singled to left . Bautista reached on infield single to second , Donaldson to second , Donaldson to third on throwing error by second baseman Panik . Encarnación struck out looking . Tulowitzki walked , Bautista to second . Martin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 1st . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Span walked . Panik grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Span out at second . Duffy singled to right . Posey singled to right , Duffy to second . Pence flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Barney struck out swinging . Carrera grounded out to third . Stroman lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Crawford singled to right . Gillaspie safe at first on error by shortstop Tulowitzki , Crawford to second . Blanco doubled to right , Crawford scored , Gillaspie to third . Bumgarner struck out swinging . Span grounded out to second , Gillaspie scored , Blanco to third . Panik grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Pillar struck out swinging . Donaldson walked . Bautista walked , Donaldson to second . Encarnación grounded out to shortstop , Donaldson scored , Bautista to third . Tulowitzki flied out to right . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Duffy grounded out to third . Posey grounded out to shortstop . Pence struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Martin grounded out to pitcher . Barney flied out to right . Carrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Crawford struck out swinging . Gillaspie singled to center . Gillaspie to second on wild pitch by Stroman . Blanco struck out looking . Bumgarner flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Stroman flied out to right . Pillar flied out to right . Donaldson singled to left . Bautista grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Donaldson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Span singled to right center . Panik singled to center , Span to second . Duffy walked , Span to third , Panik to second . Posey grounded into double play , third to second to first , Span scored , Duffy out at second , Panik to third . Pence doubled to deep center , Panik scored . Crawford grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Encarnación walked . Tulowitzki grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Encarnación out at second . Martin flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Gillaspie grounded out to second . Blanco struck out swinging . Bumgarner grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Barney grounded out to third . Burns hit for Carrera . Burns hit by pitch . Saunders hit for Stroman . Saunders popped out to second . Gearrin pitching for Giants . Pillar lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Girodo pitching for Blue Jays . Saunders in left field . Span lined out to third . Panik struck out looking . Biagini pitching for Blue Jays . Duffy grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Gearrin pitching for Giants . Donaldson singled to center . Bautista popped out to shortstop . Encarnación singled to center , Donaldson to third . Tulowitzki hit by pitch , Encarnación to second . Martin hit sacrifice fly to right , Donaldson scored , Encarnación to third . Smoak hit for Barney . Osich pitching for Giants . Smoak singled to right , Encarnación scored , Tulowitzki to second . Goins hit for Biagini . Goins lined out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Chavez pitching for Blue Jays . Goins at second base . Posey grounded out to shortstop . Pence singled to center . Crawford flied out to left . Gillaspie walked , Pence to second . Blanco grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Casilla pitching for Giants . Belt at first base . Saunders homered to center ( 411 feet ) . Pillar grounded out to shortstop . Donaldson popped out to first . Bautista walked . Encarnación popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 9th . Chavez pitching for Blue Jays . Belt flied out to center . Span walked . Panik flied out to center . Duffy singled to right , Span to second . Posey grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Duffy out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 10th . Strickland pitching for Giants . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . Martin walked . Dickey hit for Chavez . Dickey struck out bunting foul . Goins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 10th . Storen pitching for Blue Jays . Pence grounded out to shortstop . Crawford singled to right . Parker hit for Strickland . Parker hit by pitch , Crawford to second . Blanco grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Crawford to third , Parker safe at second on error by shortstop Tulowitzki . Belt struck out swinging . Span grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 11th . López pitching for Giants . Saunders flied out to center . Law pitching for Giants . Pillar lined out to left . Donaldson doubled to deep left . Bautista walked . Encarnación flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 11th . Floyd pitching for Blue Jays . Panik flied out to left . Duffy singled to right . Posey popped out to second . Duffy stole second . Pence struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 12th . Law pitching for Giants . Tulowitzki grounded out to third . Martin grounded out to third . Floyd grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 12th . Floyd pitching for Blue Jays . Crawford struck out swinging . Tomlinson hit for Law . Tomlinson walked . Blanco grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Tomlinson out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 13th . Suárez pitching for Giants . Goins singled to deep left , Goins out stretching at second . Saunders singled to right . Pillar singled to left , Saunders to second . Donaldson grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Pillar out at second , Saunders to third . Bautista popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 13th . Tepera pitching for Blue Jays . Belt hit by pitch . Span sacrificed into fielder 's choice to catcher , Belt to second . Belt to third , Span to second on wild pitch by Tepera . Panik intentionally walked . Duffy lined out to first . Posey walked , Belt scored , Span to third , Panik to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 4 - Giants 5 .	Posey walks in winner in 13th , Giants beat Blue Jays 5 - 4