Blue Jays - Top 1st . Ramos pitching for Rangers . Pillar grounded out to pitcher . Donaldson grounded out to second . Bautista grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays . Odor struck out swinging . Desmond struck out swinging . Mazara singled to left . Beltré grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Mazara out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Ramos pitching for Rangers . Encarnación doubled to left . Smoak struck out looking . Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop . Saunders singled to right , Encarnación scored . Martin singled to left , Saunders to second . Barney lined out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays . Fielder walked . Moreland grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Fielder out at second . Andrus grounded into double play , second to first , Moreland out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Ramos pitching for Rangers . Pillar singled to center . Donaldson flied out to left . Pillar stole second . Bautista struck out swinging . Encarnación struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays . Rua walked . Rua stole second . Holaday sacrificed to third , Rua to third . Odor struck out swinging . Desmond doubled to right , Rua scored , Desmond out stretching at third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Ramos pitching for Rangers . Smoak singled to left . Tulowitzki singled to right , Smoak to second . Saunders lined out to center . Martin flied out to left . Barney grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Tulowitzki out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays . Mazara struck out swinging . Beltré lined out to right . Fielder struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Ramos pitching for Rangers . Pillar doubled to left . Donaldson struck out swinging . Bautista walked . Pillar stole third , Bautista stole second . Encarnación walked . Faulkner pitching for Rangers . Smoak grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Encarnación out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays . Moreland grounded out to first . Andrus walked . Rua grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Andrus out at second . Holaday doubled to deep center , Rua scored . Odor struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Faulkner pitching for Rangers . Tulowitzki singled to center . Saunders safe at first on error by second baseman Odor , Tulowitzki to second . Wilhelmsen pitching for Rangers . Martin grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Saunders out at second , Tulowitzki to third . Barney reached on bunt single to catcher , Martin to second . Pillar grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Tulowitzki scored , Barney out at second , Martin to third . Donaldson walked , Pillar to second . Bautista doubled to deep left center , Martin , Pillar and Donaldson scored . Encarnación hit by pitch . Smoak struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays . Desmond grounded out to third . Mazara lined out to first . Beltré homered to center ( 410 feet ) . Fielder grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Wilhelmsen pitching for Rangers . Tulowitzki doubled to center . Saunders singled to right , Tulowitzki to third . Martin walked , Saunders to second . Bush pitching for Rangers . Barney struck out looking . Pillar hit sacrifice fly to center , Tulowitzki scored , Saunders to third . Donaldson flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays . Moreland doubled to center . Andrus singled to right , Moreland to third . Rua grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Moreland scored , Andrus out at second . Holaday walked . Odor reached on infield single to second , Holaday to second . Chavez pitching for Blue Jays . Desmond homered to left center ( 410 feet ) , Holaday and Odor scored . Mazara singled to center . Beltré popped out to first . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Bush pitching for Rangers . Bautista hit by pitch . Encarnación flied out to left . Diekman pitching for Rangers . Smoak grounded into double play to third , Bautista out at second , Smoak out at first on runner interference by teammate . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Burns at third base . Carrera in right field . Chavez pitching for Blue Jays . Fielder hit by pitch . Stubbs ran for Fielder . Girodo pitching for Blue Jays . Moreland grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Stubbs out at second . Osuna pitching for Blue Jays . Andrus popped out to first . Rua walked , Moreland to second . Holaday flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Alberto at second base . Dyson pitching for Rangers . Tulowitzki grounded out to third . Saunders grounded out to second . Martin grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 6 - Rangers 7 .	Simmering Toronto - Texas feud erupts in Rangers ' 7 - 6 win