Yankees - Top 1st . Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays . Ellsbury lined out to left . Gardner grounded out to shortstop . Beltrán struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Bautista grounded out to shortstop . Donaldson grounded out to third . Encarnación singled to left . Saunders lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays . McCann walked . Teixeira grounded into fielder 's choice to third , McCann out at second . Rodriguez grounded out to third , Teixeira to second . Gregorius reached on infield single to second , Teixeira to third . Headley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Smoak struck out swinging . Martin grounded out to shortstop . Travis singled to right . Pillar grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 3rd . Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays . Torreyes grounded out to third . Ellsbury reached on infield single to shortstop . Gardner grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ellsbury out at second . Beltrán singled to right , Gardner to second . Gardner stole third . McCann struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Barney reached on infield single to shortstop . Bautista reached on infield single to shortstop , Barney to second . Donaldson lined out to center . Encarnación flied out to right , Barney to third . Saunders lined out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays . Teixeira flied out to left . Rodriguez doubled to deep right center . Gregorius struck out swinging . Headley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Smoak struck out swinging . Martin grounded out to second . Travis walked . Pillar lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays . Torreyes lined out to shortstop . Ellsbury grounded out to second . Gardner walked . Beltrán singled to right , Gardner to second . McCann lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Barney singled to right . Bautista grounded out to third , Barney to second . Donaldson singled to right , Barney scored , Donaldson thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . Encarnación fouled out to catcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays . Teixeira grounded out to second . Rodriguez lined out to right . Gregorius grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Saunders doubled to left . Smoak safe at first on error by center fielder Ellsbury , Saunders to third . Martin grounded into double play , second to first to shortstop , Saunders scored , Smoak out at second . Travis lined out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 7th . Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays . Headley struck out swinging . Torreyes singled to right . Ellsbury singled to right , Torreyes to second . Gardner flied out to left . Grilli pitching for Blue Jays . Beltrán lined out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Yates pitching for Yankees . Pillar reached on infield single to second . Pillar stole second . Barney walked . Bautista popped out to first . Donaldson walked , Pillar to third , Barney to second . Encarnación singled to center , Pillar and Barney scored , Donaldson to second . Goody pitching for Yankees . Saunders doubled to deep right , Donaldson scored , Encarnación to third . Smoak singled to right , Encarnación and Saunders scored . Martin lined out to shortstop . Travis struck out looking . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . McCann grounded out to third . Teixeira flied out to right . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Bleier pitching for Yankees . Pillar lined out to center . Barney singled to left . Bautista grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Barney out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Tepera pitching for Blue Jays . Gregorius grounded out to second . Headley struck out swinging . Torreyes grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 0 - Blue Jays 7 .	Sanchez wins fourth straight , Blue Jays beat Yankees 7 - 0