Blue Jays - Top 1st . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Barney singled to center . Barney to second on wild pitch by Corbin . Donaldson homered to right ( 405 feet ) , Barney scored . Encarnación walked . Martin struck out swinging . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . Pillar flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Segura singled to center . Bourn singled to right , Segura to third , Segura scored , Bourn to second on throwing error by right fielder Lake . Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop , Bourn to third . Lamb struck out swinging . Drury grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Lake doubled to deep right , Lake out stretching at third . Travis doubled to right . Stroman safe at first on error by second baseman Segura , Travis to third . Barney hit sacrifice fly to center , Travis scored , Stroman to second . Donaldson flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Tomás flied out to left . Gosewisch singled to right center . Ahmed popped out to shortstop . Corbin fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Encarnación popped out to shortstop . Martin struck out looking . Tulowitzki singled to center . Pillar popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Segura struck out swinging . Bourn reached on bunt single to catcher . Goldschmidt singled to left center , Bourn to second . Lamb grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Goldschmidt out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Lake struck out swinging . Travis grounded out to shortstop . Stroman grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Drury grounded out to shortstop . Tomás flied out to right . Gosewisch grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Barney lined out to right . Donaldson walked . Encarnación flied out to left . Martin grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Donaldson safe at second on error by shortstop Ahmed . Tulowitzki doubled to left , Donaldson scored , Martin to third . Pillar singled to center , Martin scored , Tulowitzki to third . Lake grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Ahmed grounded out to second . Corbin struck out looking . Segura reached on infield single to third . Bourn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Travis doubled to left . Stroman sacrificed to first , Travis to third . Barney grounded out to second . Donaldson doubled to deep center , Travis scored . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Encarnación flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Goldschmidt grounded out to second . Lamb struck out swinging . Drury grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Barrett pitching for Diamondbacks . Martin grounded out to second . Tulowitzki flied out to right . Pillar singled to right . Pillar caught stealing second , catcher to second . Lake batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Tomás grounded out to second . Gosewisch grounded out to third . Ahmed reached on infield single to second . Gosselin hit for Barrett . Ahmed to second on balk by Stroman . Gosselin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . Lake grounded out to shortstop . Travis singled to left . Stroman grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Travis safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Hudson . Barney tripled to deep center , Travis and Stroman scored . Donaldson popped out to shortstop . Encarnación homered to left ( 469 feet ) , Barney scored . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Martin walked . Tulowitzki struck out looking . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Segura reached on infield single to shortstop . Bourn grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Segura out at second . Freeman hit for Goldschmidt . Freeman grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Bourn out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Freeman in left field . Drury at first base . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Pillar popped out to second . Lake grounded out to shortstop . Travis popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Smoak at first base . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Lamb struck out swinging . Drury doubled to deep center . Tomás singled to left center , Drury to third . Gosewisch homered to left ( 360 feet ) , Drury and Tomás scored . Biagini pitching for Blue Jays . Ahmed struck out swinging . Weeks Jr. hit for Collmenter . Weeks Jr. grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 10 - Diamondbacks 4 .	Donaldson and Encarnacion homer , help Blue Jays beat Arizona