Blue Jays - Top 1st . Meyer pitching for Angels . Travis walked . Donaldson struck out swinging . Encarnación struck out swinging . Bautista struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Escobar flied out to right . Calhoun grounded out to second . Trout grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Meyer pitching for Angels . Martin struck out looking . Tulowitzki flied out to right . Navarro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Pujols walked . Cron singled to center , Pujols to second . Simmons grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Cron out at second , Pujols to third . Ortega reached first base on catcher 's interference , Simmons to second . Graterol grounded out to second , Pujols scored , Simmons to third , Ortega to second . Pennington struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Meyer pitching for Angels . Saunders flied out to left . Pillar walked . Travis singled to shallow right , Pillar to third . Donaldson grounded into double play , third to second to first , Travis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Escobar singled to center . Calhoun grounded out to shortstop , Escobar to second . Trout walked . Pujols grounded out to shortstop , Escobar to third , Trout to second . Cron popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Meyer pitching for Angels . Encarnación doubled to center . Bautista grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Encarnación out at third . Martin struck out swinging . Tulowitzki grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bautista out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Simmons singled to shallow left . Simmons stole second . Ortega sacrificed to pitcher , Simmons to third . Graterol grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Simmons out at home . Pennington singled to shallow left , Graterol to second . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Meyer pitching for Angels . Navarro grounded out to shortstop . Saunders walked . Pillar struck out swinging . Travis grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Calhoun struck out swinging . Trout doubled to right . Pujols singled to right , Trout scored , Pujols to second advancing on throw . Cron grounded out to pitcher , Pujols to third . Simmons grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Valdez pitching for Angels . Donaldson walked . Encarnación struck out swinging . Bautista struck out looking . Martin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Ortega singled to right . Graterol struck out swinging , Ortega stole second . Pennington flied out to center . Escobar lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Guerra pitching for Angels . Tulowitzki grounded out to third . Navarro singled to left . Saunders struck out swinging . Pillar grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Navarro out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Calhoun struck out swinging . Biagini pitching for Blue Jays . Trout walked . Pujols singled to right , Trout to third . Cron hit sacrifice fly to right , Trout scored . Simmons walked , Pujols to second . Ortega singled to shallow left , Pujols scored , Simmons to third , Ortega to second advancing on throw . Graterol popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Ramírez pitching for Angels . Travis walked . Donaldson struck out swinging . Encarnación grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Travis out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Barnes pitching for Blue Jays . Pennington singled to right . Escobar struck out swinging . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Calhoun struck out swinging . Schultz pitching for Blue Jays . Trout lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Achter pitching for Angels . Bautista doubled to left . Martin grounded out to third . Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop . Navarro popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 0 - Angels 4 .	Angels drop Blue Jays into No . 2 wild - card spot with shutout