Athletics - Top 1st. Callaway pitching for Rangers. Byrnes singled to center. Kielty grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Byrnes out at second. Chavez walked. Dye doubled to deep center, Chavez scored. Durazo walked. Hatteberg walked, Dye to third, Durazo to second. Crosby singled to center, Dye and Durazo scored, Hatteberg to third. Miller walked, Crosby to second. Scutaro grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Zito pitching for Athletics. Young grounded out to third. Blalock walked. Soriano singled to left, Blalock to second. Perry fouled out to first. Mench grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Callaway pitching for Rangers. Byrnes singled to left. Byrnes to second on passed ball by Laird. Kielty doubled to right, Byrnes scored. Chavez doubled to deep center, Kielty scored, Chavez out stretching at third. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Dye homered to left. Durazo grounded out to second. Hatteberg grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Zito pitching for Athletics. Fullmer grounded out to first. Young reached on bunt single to pitcher. Laird grounded out to pitcher, Young to second. Nivar singled to right, Young scored. Young safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Zito, Nivar to third. Blalock singled to right, Nivar scored, Young to third. Soriano singled to center, Young scored, Blalock to second. Perry grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 3rd. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Crosby struck out looking. Miller hit ground rule double to right. Scutaro doubled to left, Miller scored, Scutaro to third on throwing error by left fielder Young. Byrnes struck out swinging. Kielty walked. Chavez struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Zito pitching for Athletics. Mench flied out to right. Fullmer grounded out to third. Young walked. Laird doubled to right, Young scored. Nivar singled to left, Laird scored. Young singled to right, Nivar scored. Blalock singled to right center, Young to third. Soriano grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Blalock out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Dye flied out to left. Durazo singled to right. Hatteberg walked, Durazo to second. Crosby grounded out to third, Durazo to third, Hatteberg to second. Miller homered to left, Durazo and Hatteberg scored. Scutaro struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Zito pitching for Athletics. Perry lined out to right. Mench fouled out to third. Fullmer doubled to right. Almanzar pitching for Rangers. Young grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Almanzar pitching for Rangers. Byrnes popped out to shortstop. Kielty singled to center. Chavez flied out to right. Dye struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Zito pitching for Athletics. Laird flied out to center. Nivar struck out looking. Young doubled to left. Mahay pitching for Rangers. Blalock struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Mahay pitching for Rangers. Durazo singled to left. Hatteberg flied out to left. Crosby fouled out to catcher. Miller singled to left, Durazo to second. Bradford pitching for Athletics. Scutaro struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Bradford pitching for Athletics. Soriano singled to right. Perry grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Soriano out at second. Mench flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Mahay pitching for Rangers. Byrnes reached on infield single to second. Kielty struck out swinging. Chavez walked, Byrnes to second. Byrnes stole third, Chavez stole second. Dye struck out swinging. Durazo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Bradford pitching for Athletics. Fullmer homered to right. Young walked. Nix hit for Nivar. Rincon pitching for Athletics. Laird singled to left, Young to second. Nix grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Laird out at second, Young to third. Young scored, Nix to second on passed ball by Miller. Young singled to center, Nix scored. Harville pitching for Athletics. Blalock struck out looking. Nix in center field. Nix in center field. Soriano grounded into fielder's choice to third, Young out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Nelson pitching for Rangers. Hatteberg singled to right. Crosby flied out to center. Mecir pitching for Athletics. Miller grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hatteberg out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Mecir pitching for Athletics. Perry grounded out to third. Mench struck out swinging. Fullmer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Nelson pitching for Rangers. Scutaro lined out to right. Byrnes flied out to center. Rhodes pitching for Athletics. Kielty struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Rhodes pitching for Athletics. Young doubled to deep center. Laird struck out looking. Nix flied out to left. Young grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 10 - Rangers 9.	Oakland 10, Texas 9