Athletics - Top 1st. Meche pitching for Mariners. Kotsay doubled to deep left center. Byrnes singled to left, Kotsay to third. Chavez grounded into double play, second to first, Kotsay scored, Byrnes out at second. Dye struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Suzuki singled to center. Spiezio grounded into double play, third to second to first, Suzuki out at second. Martinez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Meche pitching for Mariners. Hatteberg grounded out to second. Durazo struck out looking. Scutaro grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Boone grounded out to shortstop. Ibanez grounded out to second. Aurilia lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Meche pitching for Mariners. Melhuse grounded out to first. German struck out swinging. Kotsay singled to center. Byrnes flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Olerud doubled to deep right. Davis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Olerud out at third. McCracken struck out looking. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to third, Davis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Meche pitching for Mariners. Chavez homered to left. Dye walked. Hatteberg fouled out to third. Durazo walked, Dye to second. Scutaro reached on infield single to shortstop, Dye to third, Durazo to second. Melhuse popped out to second. German grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Spiezio singled to center. Martinez hit by pitch, Spiezio to second. Boone flied out to right. Ibanez grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Martinez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Meche pitching for Mariners. Kotsay grounded out to first. Byrnes grounded out to shortstop. Chavez walked. Dye grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Aurilia grounded out to third. Olerud hit by pitch. Davis grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Olerud out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Meche pitching for Mariners. Hatteberg walked. Durazo walked, Hatteberg to second. Scutaro flied out to right, Hatteberg to third. Melhuse struck out swinging. Jarvis pitching for Mariners. German singled to center, Hatteberg scored, Durazo to second. Kotsay grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Hudson pitching for Athletics. McCracken singled to center. Suzuki walked, McCracken to second. Spiezio lined out to center. Martinez grounded into double play, second to first, Suzuki out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Jarvis pitching for Mariners. Byrnes doubled to left. Chavez grounded out to second, Byrnes to third. Dye struck out swinging. Hatteberg doubled to deep right, Byrnes scored. Durazo struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Boone struck out swinging. Ibanez hit by pitch. Aurilia singled to center, Ibanez to third. Hansen hit for Davis. Olerud singled to right, Ibanez scored, Aurilia to third. Hansen homered to right, Aurilia and Olerud scored. McCracken struck out swinging. Wilson catching. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Jarvis pitching for Mariners. Scutaro bunt grounded out to pitcher. Melhuse walked. Myers pitching for Mariners. German flied out to left. Kotsay grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Spiezio singled to right. Martinez struck out swinging. Boone grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Spiezio out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Byrnes walked. Hasegawa pitching for Mariners. Chavez singled to right, Byrnes to second. Dye doubled to deep left, Byrnes and Chavez scored. Hatteberg safe at first on error by second baseman Boone, Dye to third. Durazo hit sacrifice fly to right, Dye scored, Hatteberg to second. Scutaro flied out to center. Rhodes pitching for Athletics. Melhuse flied out to left. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Rhodes pitching for Athletics. Ibanez singled to shallow center. Aurilia struck out swinging. Olerud struck out swinging. Wilson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 7 - Mariners 4.	A's paint over Mariners' comeback with Dye