Pirates - Top 1st. Redman pitching for Athletics. Kendall walked. Wilson flied out to left. Bay grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Kendall out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Byrnes homered to left. McLemore walked. Kotsay fouled out to catcher. Dye grounded into double play, third to second to first, McLemore out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Redman pitching for Athletics. Wilson lined out to left. Mackowiak singled to left. Mateo struck out swinging. Ward popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Hatteberg struck out looking. Durazo walked. Crosby tripled to deep left, Durazo scored. Miller walked. Scutaro lined out to first, Miller tagged out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Redman pitching for Athletics. Stynes singled to center. Castillo singled to right, Stynes to second. Kendall singled to center, Stynes scored, Castillo to second. Wilson bunt popped out to catcher. Bay singled to left, Castillo scored, Bay to second advancing on throw. Wilson walked. Mackowiak grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Byrnes homered to left. McLemore flied out to left. Kotsay doubled to deep center. Dye walked. Hatteberg flied out to center. Durazo singled to center, Kotsay scored, Dye to third. Crosby grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Redman pitching for Athletics. Mateo grounded out to first. Ward grounded out to second. Stynes grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Miller flied out to center. Scutaro doubled to left. Byrnes flied out to left. McLemore flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Redman pitching for Athletics. Castillo singled to left. Kendall struck out swinging. Castillo to second on wild pitch by Redman. Wilson struck out looking. Bay doubled to deep center, Castillo scored. Wilson walked. Mackowiak singled to left, Bay to third, Wilson to second. Mateo homered to center, Bay, Wilson and Mackowiak scored. Ward popped out to catcher. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Kotsay singled to center, Kotsay to second on error by center fielder Mackowiak. Dye doubled to left, Kotsay scored. Gonzalez pitching for Pirates. Hatteberg grounded out to second, Dye to third. Durazo grounded out to second, Dye scored. Meadows pitching for Pirates. Crosby walked. Bradford pitching for Athletics. Miller grounded into fielder's choice to third, Crosby out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 6th. Bradford pitching for Athletics. Stynes reached on infield single to third. Castillo sacrificed to third, Stynes to second. Kendall struck out swinging. Wilson singled to left center, Stynes scored. Bay singled to right, Wilson to third. Wilson grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Meadows pitching for Pirates. Scutaro grounded out to third. Byrnes grounded out to shortstop. Rincon pitching for Athletics. McLemore grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Rincon pitching for Athletics. Mackowiak struck out swinging. Mateo walked. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Ward grounded out to pitcher, Mateo to second. Stynes singled to left center, Mateo scored. Castillo grounded into fielder's choice to third, Stynes out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Meadows pitching for Pirates. Kotsay grounded out to first. Dye singled to shallow left. Johnston pitching for Pirates. Hatteberg singled to right, Dye to third. Torres pitching for Pirates. Durazo struck out swinging. Crosby popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Kendall hit by pitch. Wilson singled to left, Kendall to second. Bay sacrificed to pitcher, Kendall to third, Wilson to second. Wilson grounded out to third, Kendall scored, Wilson to third. Mackowiak flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Mesa pitching for Pirates. Miller struck out swinging. Scutaro homered to left. Byrnes singled to left center. McLemore singled to right, Byrnes to third. Kotsay singled to center, Byrnes scored, McLemore to second. Dye walked, McLemore to third, Kotsay to second. Hatteberg hit sacrifice fly to left, McLemore scored. Durazo singled to right, Kotsay scored, Dye to second. Corey pitching for Pirates. Crosby doubled to left, Dye scored, Durazo to third. Rhodes pitching for Athletics. Miller popped out to second. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Rhodes pitching for Athletics. Mateo homered to left. Redman ran for Ward. Ward doubled to center. Stynes bunt popped out foul to catcher. Castillo struck out swinging. Mackowiak at first base. Redman in center field. Kendall flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Corey pitching for Pirates. Scutaro doubled to left. Byrnes flied out to right, Scutaro to third. McLemore intentionally walked. Kotsay intentionally walked, McLemore to second. Dye singled to left, Scutaro scored, McLemore to third, Kotsay to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 11 - Athletics 12.	A's climb over Mesa in wild comeback vs. Pirates