Athletics - Top 1st. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Kotsay struck out swinging. McLemore grounded out to first. Hatteberg popped out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Zito pitching for Athletics. Damon singled to center. Bellhorn flied out to center. Ortiz grounded out to second, Damon to second. Ramirez walked. Garciaparra struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Dye flied out to right. Durazo struck out swinging. Crosby grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Zito pitching for Athletics. Millar singled to right. Nixon grounded into fielder's choice to third, Millar out at second. Mirabelli safe at second on error by first baseman Hatteberg, Nixon to third. Mueller homered to left, Nixon and Mirabelli scored. Damon singled to center. Bellhorn grounded out to third, Damon to second. Ortiz grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 3rd. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Miller grounded out to shortstop. Byrnes flied out to right. Scutaro hit ground rule double to deep right. Kotsay grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Zito pitching for Athletics. Ramirez lined out to left. Garciaparra singled to left. Millar struck out looking. Nixon grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. McLemore flied out to right. Hatteberg fouled out to left. Dye grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Zito pitching for Athletics. Mirabelli singled to left. Mueller singled to left, Mirabelli to second. Damon singled to center, Mirabelli to third, Mueller to second. Bellhorn walked, Mirabelli scored, Mueller to third, Damon to second. Ortiz flied out to left. Ramirez walked, Mueller scored, Damon to third, Bellhorn to second. Garciaparra lined out to third. Millar doubled to left, Damon and Bellhorn scored, Ramirez to third. Nixon flied out to center. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Durazo struck out swinging. Crosby struck out swinging. Miller singled to center. Byrnes singled to right, Miller to second. Lehr pitching for Athletics. Scutaro flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Lehr pitching for Athletics. Mirabelli reached on infield single to second. Mueller walked, Mirabelli to second. Damon singled to right, Mirabelli to third, Mueller to second. Bellhorn reached on infield single to first, Mirabelli scored, Mueller to third, Damon to second. Ortiz popped out to shortstop. Ramirez grounded out to first, Mueller scored, Damon to third, Bellhorn to second. Garciaparra singled to center, Damon and Bellhorn scored. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Millar doubled to deep left center, Garciaparra to third. Nixon flied out to right. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Castro hit for McLemore. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Kotsay grounded out to second. Karros hit for Hatteberg. Castro grounded out to shortstop. Castro at third base. Karros at first base. Karros grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Mirabelli struck out swinging. Mueller grounded out to first. Damon singled to center. Bellhorn singled to right, Damon to third. Ortiz grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Dye struck out looking. Durazo struck out looking. Crosby walked. Kielty in right field. Mecir pitching for Athletics. Miller grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Crosby out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Mecir pitching for Athletics. Ramirez struck out swinging. Garciaparra grounded out to shortstop. McCarty ran for Millar. Millar walked. Nixon singled to center, McCarty to second. Kapler in left field. Reese at shortstop. McCarty at first base. Anderson pitching for Red Sox. Mirabelli struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Anderson pitching for Red Sox. Byrnes struck out looking. Scutaro grounded out to second. Rincon pitching for Athletics. Youkilis hit for Mueller. Kotsay flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Rincon pitching for Athletics. Youkilis struck out swinging, Youkilis safe at first on wild pitch by Rincon. Damon popped out to first. Bellhorn safe at first on error by second baseman Scutaro, Youkilis to second. Ortiz grounded out to first, Youkilis to third, Bellhorn to second. Youkilis at third base. Kapler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 9th. Anderson pitching for Red Sox. Castro grounded out to shortstop. Karros singled to center. Kielty grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Karros out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 0 - Red Sox 11.	Athletics knuckle under to Wakefield, Red Sox