Athletics - Top 1st. Glynn pitching for Blue Jays. Kotsay flied out to center. McLemore flied out to left. Chavez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Harden pitching for Athletics. Adams safe at first on error by first baseman Hatteberg. Hudson flied out to left. Wells struck out swinging. Delgado popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Glynn pitching for Blue Jays. Hatteberg walked. Durazo singled to left center, Hatteberg to second. Byrnes struck out looking. Melhuse grounded out to first, Hatteberg to third, Durazo to second. Crosby fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Harden pitching for Athletics. Rios singled to right. Hinske walked, Rios to second. Menechino singled to center, Rios to third, Hinske to second. Gross grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rios scored, Menechino out at second, Hinske to third. Quiroz lined out to shortstop. Adams singled to right, Hinske scored, Gross to second. Hudson flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Glynn pitching for Blue Jays. Swisher hit by pitch. Kotsay popped out to second. McLemore walked, Swisher to second. Chavez struck out swinging. Hatteberg flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Harden pitching for Athletics. Wells singled to center. Delgado homered to right, Wells scored. Rios grounded out to third. Hinske popped out to second. Menechino flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Glynn pitching for Blue Jays. Durazo singled to center. Byrnes flied out to center. Melhuse struck out looking. Crosby homered to left, Durazo scored. Swisher walked. Kotsay flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Harden pitching for Athletics. Gross grounded out to shortstop. Quiroz grounded out to shortstop. Adams safe at first on error by second baseman McLemore. Hudson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 5th. Glynn pitching for Blue Jays. McLemore lined out to second. Chavez walked. Hatteberg doubled to deep right, Chavez to third. Durazo hit by pitch. Byrnes struck out swinging. Melhuse grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Harden pitching for Athletics. Wells flied out to left. Delgado walked. Rios singled to center, Delgado to second. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Hinske singled to left, Delgado scored, Rios to second. Menechino walked, Rios to third, Hinske to second. Gross homered to right, Rios, Hinske and Menechino scored. Quiroz grounded out to shortstop. Adams homered to right. Douglass pitching for Blue Jays. Hudson grounded out to second. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Douglass pitching for Blue Jays. Crosby singled to left. Swisher homered to center, Crosby scored. Kotsay singled to left. McLemore flied out to left. Frederick pitching for Blue Jays. Chavez walked, Kotsay to second. Hatteberg grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Chavez out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Wells grounded out to shortstop. Delgado safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Chavez. Rios lined into double play, second to first, Delgado doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 7th. Frederick pitching for Blue Jays. Durazo popped out to third. Byrnes struck out looking. Rincon pitching for Athletics. Melhuse struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Rincon pitching for Athletics. Hinske singled to center. Menechino walked, Hinske to second. Hinske to third, Menechino to second on passed ball by Melhuse. Gross walked. Quiroz fouled out to catcher. Hammond pitching for Athletics. Adams safe at first on error by second baseman McLemore, Hinske and Menechino scored, Gross to third. Hudson hit sacrifice fly to left, Gross scored. File pitching for Blue Jays. Wells flied out to left. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 8th. File pitching for Blue Jays. Crosby walked. Swisher singled to right center, Crosby to second. Kielty hit for Kotsay. Scutaro hit for McLemore. Kielty grounded out to shortstop. German hit for Chavez. Scutaro grounded out to pitcher, Crosby to third, Swisher to second. McMillon hit for Hatteberg. German reached on infield single to third, Crosby scored, Swisher to third. Kielty in right field. Scutaro at third base. German at second base. McMillon at first base. Byrnes in left field. Swisher in center field. Bradford pitching for Athletics. McMillon grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Bradford pitching for Athletics. Delgado flied out to left. Rios grounded out to shortstop. Crozier at first base. Ligtenberg pitching for Blue Jays. Hinske grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Ligtenberg pitching for Blue Jays. Durazo flied out to center. Byrnes reached on infield single to third. Melhuse flied out to left. Crosby fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 5 - Blue Jays 13.	A's deserve F's for defense in loss to Jays