Marlins - Top 1st. Padilla pitching for Phillies. Pierre singled to center. Pierre to second on wild pitch by Padilla. Castillo sacrificed to third, Pierre to third, Castillo safe at first on error by first baseman Thome. Castillo to first on error by first baseman Thome. Cabrera struck out looking. Lowell singled to left, Pierre scored, Castillo to second. Conine struck out swinging. Choi popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Willis pitching for Marlins. Rollins grounded out to second. Polanco safe at first on error by shortstop Gonzalez. Lieberthal lined out to center. Thome flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 2nd. Padilla pitching for Phillies. Redmond safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Bell. Gonzalez grounded out to third, Redmond to third. Willis struck out swinging. Pierre singled to center, Redmond scored. Castillo reached on infield single to second, Pierre to second. Cabrera walked, Pierre to third, Castillo to second. Lowell flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Willis pitching for Marlins. Burrell flied out to center. Michaels singled to left. Bell grounded into double play, third to second to first, Michaels out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Padilla pitching for Phillies. Conine grounded out to pitcher. Choi grounded out to second. Redmond lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Willis pitching for Marlins. Glanville singled to center. Padilla struck out swinging. Rollins grounded out to shortstop, Glanville to second. Polanco grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Padilla pitching for Phillies. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Willis grounded out to shortstop. Pierre bunt grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Willis pitching for Marlins. Lieberthal popped out to shortstop. Thome singled to left center. Burrell singled to shallow left, Thome to second. Michaels flied out to left. Bell safe at first on error by right fielder Cabrera, Thome scored, Burrell to third. Glanville grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bell out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 5th. Padilla pitching for Phillies. Castillo flied out to left. Cabrera flied out to center. Lowell safe at second on error by third baseman Bell. Conine lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Willis pitching for Marlins. Padilla struck out swinging. Rollins safe at second on error by first baseman Choi. Polanco grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rollins to third. Lieberthal popped out to second. Thome flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 6th. Padilla pitching for Phillies. Choi struck out swinging. Redmond flied out to right. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Willis pitching for Marlins. Burrell popped out to shortstop. Michaels flied out to center. Bell lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Padilla pitching for Phillies. Willis flied out to left. Pierre walked. Castillo singled to left, Pierre to second. Cabrera singled to center, Pierre scored, Castillo to second. Hernandez pitching for Phillies. Lowell struck out swinging, Castillo stole third, Cabrera stole second. Conine flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Wooten hit for Hernandez. Willis pitching for Marlins. Glanville lined out to left. Wooten hit by pitch. Fox pitching for Marlins. Nunez in left field. Rollins struck out swinging. Polanco walked, Wooten to second. Telemaco pitching for Phillies. Telemaco pitching for Phillies. Lieberthal popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Telemaco pitching for Phillies. Choi walked. Redmond bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Choi out at second. Gonzalez singled to left, Redmond to second. Madson pitching for Phillies. Nunez walked, Redmond to third, Gonzalez to second. Pierre flied out to left, Redmond out at home. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Fox pitching for Marlins. Thome struck out swinging. Burrell struck out swinging. Michaels flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Madson pitching for Phillies. Castillo grounded out to second. Cabrera struck out looking. Benitez pitching for Marlins. Lowell struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 9th. Abreu hit for Glanville. Benitez pitching for Marlins. Bell popped out to second. Ledee hit for Madson. Abreu lined out to left. Ledee flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 3 - Phillies 1.	Marlins' Willis now 3-0 but hit streak over