Phillies - Top 1st. Young pitching for Rockies. Byrd grounded out to shortstop. Rollins flied out to center. Abreu reached on infield single to second. Abreu stole second. Thome walked. Ledee homered to right, Abreu and Thome scored. Bell doubled to deep right center. Utley grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Millwood pitching for Phillies. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Clayton bunt grounded out to pitcher. Helton walked. Castilla reached on infield single to second, Helton to second. Burnitz singled to center, Helton scored, Castilla to third. Johnson struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Young pitching for Rockies. Pratt struck out looking. Millwood doubled to left, Millwood to third on error by left fielder Holliday. Byrd struck out swinging. Rollins grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Millwood pitching for Phillies. Holliday grounded out to third. Hawpe singled to shallow center. Young sacrificed to first, Hawpe to second. Gonzalez lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Young pitching for Rockies. Abreu struck out swinging. Thome struck out swinging. Ledee grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Millwood pitching for Phillies. Clayton doubled to deep center. Helton walked. Castilla grounded into fielder's choice to third, Helton out at second, Clayton to third. Burnitz doubled to deep right, Clayton scored, Castilla to third. Johnson struck out swinging. Holliday doubled to deep right, Castilla and Burnitz scored. Hawpe intentionally walked. Young lined out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Young pitching for Rockies. Bell grounded out to shortstop. Utley grounded out to shortstop. Pratt walked. Millwood struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Millwood pitching for Phillies. Gonzalez singled to center. Clayton grounded out to pitcher, Gonzalez to second. Helton intentionally walked. Castilla flied out to right. Burnitz singled to right, Gonzalez scored, Helton to second, Helton scored, Burnitz to third on error by third baseman Bell. Johnson struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 5th. Young pitching for Rockies. Byrd grounded out to second. Rollins grounded out to pitcher. Abreu grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Millwood pitching for Phillies. Holliday grounded out to first. Hawpe singled to right. Young sacrificed to pitcher, Hawpe to second. Gonzalez fouled out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Young pitching for Rockies. Thome singled to right. Ledee singled to center, Thome to second. Bell flied out to left. Reed pitching for Rockies. Utley homered to left, Thome and Ledee scored. Wooten hit for Millwood. Pratt singled to left. Wooten flied out to right. Madson pitching for Phillies. Byrd grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Madson pitching for Phillies. Clayton walked. Helton singled to right, Clayton to second. Castilla grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Helton out at second, Clayton to third. Burnitz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Fassero pitching for Rockies. Rollins walked. Abreu singled to left center, Rollins to second. Thome struck out swinging. Ledee popped out to second. Bell grounded into fielder's choice to third, Abreu out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Madson pitching for Phillies. Johnson flied out to right. Holliday grounded out to first. Hawpe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Harikkala pitching for Rockies. Pellow in right field. Utley grounded out to shortstop. Michaels hit for Madson. Pratt struck out swinging. Michaels singled to right. Cormier pitching for Phillies. Byrd flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Cormier pitching for Phillies. Pellow reached on infield single to shortstop. Pellow to second on wild pitch by Cormier. Gonzalez sacrificed to pitcher, Pellow to third. Clayton grounded out to third. Helton intentionally walked. Castilla walked, Helton to second. Burnitz reached on infield single to second, Pellow scored, Helton to third, Castilla to second. Hocking in left field. Chacon pitching for Rockies. Johnson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Chacon pitching for Rockies. Rollins grounded out to second. Abreu struck out swinging. Glanville ran for Thome. Thome singled to center. Glanville stole second. Ledee struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 6 - Rockies 7.	Rockies Burnitz Phillies with infield single