Dodgers - Top 1st. Izturis flied out to left. Lo Duca struck out looking. Bradley walked. Green flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Byrd lined out to shortstop. Rollins singled to center. Abreu struck out looking. Rollins stole second. Burrell grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Beltre walked. Encarnacion struck out swinging. Hernandez flied out to right. Ross singled to left, Beltre to second. Nomo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Bell doubled to left. Falkenborg pitching for Dodgers. Lieberthal flied out to right, Bell to third. Utley singled to right, Bell scored. Wooten grounded out to shortstop, Utley to second. Milton struck out swinging, Milton safe at first on wild pitch by Falkenborg. Byrd grounded into fielder's choice to second, Milton out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Izturis reached on infield single to third. Lo Duca flied out to right. Bradley popped out to second. Green doubled to right, Izturis to third. Beltre grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Rollins singled to right. Abreu walked, Rollins to second. Rollins to third, Abreu to second on passed ball by Ross. Burrell lined out to pitcher. Bell doubled to deep right center, Rollins and Abreu scored. Lieberthal hit by pitch. Utley walked, Bell to third, Lieberthal to second. Wooten grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bell scored, Utley out at second, Lieberthal to third. Milton walked, Wooten to second. Byrd singled to right, Lieberthal and Wooten scored, Milton to third. Rollins flied out to left. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Encarnacion grounded out to third. Hernandez singled to left. Ross struck out swinging. Falkenborg walked, Hernandez to second. Izturis homered to left, Hernandez and Falkenborg scored. Lo Duca grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Abreu singled to center. Burrell homered to left, Abreu scored. Bell fouled out to first. Lieberthal popped out to second. Utley flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Bradley flied out to center. Green lined out to left. Beltre walked. Encarnacion popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Wooten doubled to deep left center. Milton sacrificed to pitcher, Wooten to third. Byrd singled to center, Wooten scored. Rollins lined into double play, to first, Byrd doubled off first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Hernandez singled to deep left. Thurston hit for Falkenborg. Ross struck out swinging. Thurston singled to center, Hernandez to second. Telemaco pitching for Phillies. Izturis reached on infield single to first, Hernandez to third, Thurston to second. Sanchez pitching for Dodgers. Lo Duca grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Izturis out at second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Abreu walked. Abreu stole second. Burrell singled to left, Abreu to third. Bell struck out swinging. Lieberthal flied out to left. Utley flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Bradley grounded out to first. Green doubled to left. Beltre grounded out to shortstop, Green to third. Encarnacion doubled to left, Green scored. Hernandez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Ledee hit for Telemaco. Wooten popped out to shortstop. Ledee walked. Byrd grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ledee out at second. Byrd to second on wild pitch by Sanchez. Crowell pitching for Phillies. Rollins lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Saenz hit for Sanchez. Ross grounded out to third. Saenz singled to left. Izturis flied out to right. Lo Duca singled to right, Saenz to third. Dreifort pitching for Dodgers. Bradley lined out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Abreu safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Green. Burrell struck out swinging. Bell grounded out to second, Abreu to second. Geary pitching for Phillies. Lieberthal struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 9th. Green popped out to second. Beltre struck out swinging. Encarnacion flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 4 - Phillies 9.	Phillies alone in first