Royals - Top 1st. Abbott pitching for Phillies. Graffanino fouled out to catcher. Beltran walked. Randa singled to center, Beltran to second. Harvey singled to right, Beltran scored, Randa to third. Stairs lined out to shortstop. Harvey stole second. Santiago homered to left, Randa and Harvey scored. Relaford grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. George pitching for Royals. Rollins singled to center. Polanco grounded into double play, third to second to first, Rollins out at second. Abreu walked. Thome grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Abbott pitching for Phillies. Berroa doubled to left. Berroa caught stealing third, catcher to third. George grounded out to second. Graffanino walked. Beltran fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. George pitching for Royals. Burrell singled to left. Burrell to second on passed ball by Santiago. Bell flied out to center, Burrell to third. Lieberthal singled to deep center, Burrell scored. Byrd fouled out to left. Abbott singled to right, Lieberthal to second. Rollins singled to center, Lieberthal scored, Abbott to second, Abbott to third, Rollins to second on error by center fielder Beltran. Polanco lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Abbott pitching for Phillies. Randa singled to center. Harvey flied out to center. Stairs grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Randa out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. George pitching for Royals. Abreu popped out to shortstop. Thome grounded out to second. Burrell lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Abbott pitching for Phillies. Santiago popped out to shortstop. Relaford lined out to second. Berroa grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. George pitching for Royals. Bell flied out to left. Lieberthal lined out to third. Byrd flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Abbott pitching for Phillies. George walked. Geary pitching for Phillies. Glanville in center field. Graffanino walked, George to second. Beltran reached on bunt single to third, George to third, Graffanino to second. Randa popped out to third. Harvey grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Beltran out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. George pitching for Royals. Glanville popped out to second. Rollins flied out to center. Polanco fouled out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Geary pitching for Phillies. Stairs homered to left. Stinnett ran for Santiago. Santiago hit by pitch. Relaford grounded out to first, Stinnett to second. Berroa tripled to deep center, Stinnett scored. George grounded out to first. Graffanino singled to right, Berroa scored. Beltran flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Stinnett catching. George pitching for Royals. Abreu struck out swinging. Thome grounded out to second. Burrell flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Geary pitching for Phillies. Randa popped out to second. Harvey singled to center. Stairs homered to right center, Harvey scored. Stinnett grounded out to third. Relaford flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. George pitching for Royals. Bell popped out to second. Michaels hit for Geary. Lieberthal lined out to left. Michaels singled to right. Glanville singled to left, Michaels to second. Rollins singled to left, Michaels scored, Glanville to second. Cerda pitching for Royals. Polanco singled to center, Glanville scored, Rollins to second. Abreu walked, Rollins to third, Polanco to second. Michaels in center field. Ramirez pitching for Phillies. Perez at second base. Thome grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Brown hit for Cerda. Geary pitching for Phillies. Berroa doubled to deep right. Brown hit for Cerda. Brown grounded into fielder's choice to second, Berroa out at third. Graffanino grounded out to third, Brown to second. Beltran intentionally walked. Randa walked, Brown to third, Beltran to second. Harvey flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Seanez pitching for Royals. Burrell lined out to left. Bell grounded out to first. Lieberthal doubled to deep left center. Michaels struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Ramirez pitching for Phillies. Stairs doubled to deep right center. Stinnett hit by pitch. Relaford singled to center, Stairs to third, Stinnett to second. Sweeney hit for Seanez. Berroa grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Stairs out at home, Stinnett to third, Relaford to second. Sweeney flied out to right. Graffanino walked. Gettis in right field. Field pitching for Royals. Beltran grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 9th. Field pitching for Royals. Perez popped out to shortstop. Ledee hit for Ramirez. Rollins flied out to left. Ledee flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 10 - Phillies 4.	Surging Royals rout Phillies, but lose Santiago