Phillies - Top 1st. Arroyo pitching for Red Sox. Rollins flied out to right. Polanco grounded out to shortstop. Abreu walked. Thome popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Wolf pitching for Phillies. Damon struck out swinging. Bellhorn grounded out to third. Ortiz reached on infield single to third. Ramirez singled to left, Ortiz to third, Ramirez out stretching at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Arroyo pitching for Red Sox. Burrell popped out to shortstop. Utley singled to center. Bell struck out swinging. Michaels singled to left, Utley to second. Pratt singled to center, Utley scored, Michaels to third, Michaels scored, Pratt to second on throwing error by left fielder Ramirez. Rollins walked. Polanco flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Wolf pitching for Phillies. Garciaparra flied out to right. Millar flied out to right. Varitek singled to center. Youkilis singled to left, Varitek to second. Kapler flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Arroyo pitching for Red Sox. Abreu singled to right. Thome walked, Abreu to second. Burrell struck out swinging. Utley grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Thome out at second, Abreu to third. Bell popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Wolf pitching for Phillies. Damon singled to left. Bellhorn flied out to center. Ortiz walked, Damon to second. Ramirez doubled to left, Damon scored, Ortiz to third. Garciaparra lined out to third. Millar popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Arroyo pitching for Red Sox. Michaels singled to left. Pratt singled to left, Michaels to third. Rollins safe at first on error by pitcher Arroyo, Michaels scored, Pratt to second. Polanco sacrificed to pitcher, Pratt to third, Rollins to second. Abreu safe at first on error by first baseman Millar, Pratt and Rollins scored. Thome homered to left, Abreu scored. Burrell struck out swinging. Utley grounded out to first. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Wolf pitching for Phillies. Varitek doubled to left. Youkilis struck out swinging. Kapler struck out looking. Damon grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Arroyo pitching for Red Sox. Bell struck out swinging. Michaels flied out to center. Madson pitching for Phillies. Pratt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Madson pitching for Phillies. Bellhorn singled to left. Ortiz struck out swinging. Dinardo pitching for Red Sox. Ramirez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bellhorn out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. DiNardo pitching for Red Sox. Rollins grounded out to second. Polanco singled to right. Abreu hit by pitch, Polanco to second. Thome struck out swinging. Burrell grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Madson pitching for Phillies. Garciaparra struck out swinging. Millar singled to right. Varitek struck out swinging. Youkilis fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. DiNardo pitching for Red Sox. Utley walked. Bell doubled to left, Utley to third. Michaels singled to left, Utley scored. Bell to third, Michaels to second on wild pitch by Dinardo. Pratt struck out swinging. Leskanic pitching for Red Sox. Rollins singled to center, Bell scored, Michaels to third, Michaels to third, Rollins to third on throwing error by center fielder Damon.J Michaels out at home in rundown. Polanco struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Madson pitching for Phillies. Kapler singled to left. Damon singled to left, Kapler to second. Cormier pitching for Phillies. Bellhorn struck out swinging. Ortiz flied out to center. McCarty in left field. Mirabelli catching. Ramirez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Leskanic pitching for Red Sox. Abreu grounded out to third. Thome flied out to center. Burrell singled to left. Utley singled to right, Burrell to second. Bell grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Cormier pitching for Phillies. Garciaparra popped out to second. Millar singled to left. Mirabelli grounded into fielder's choice to first, Millar out at second. Youkilis singled to left, Mirabelli to second. Kapler doubled to deep left center, Mirabelli scored, Youkilis to third. Crespo at shortstop. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Damon grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Michaels flied out to right. Pratt struck out looking. Worrell pitching for Phillies. Rollins struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Worrell pitching for Phillies. Bellhorn struck out looking. Ortiz grounded out to first. McCarty popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 9 - Red Sox 2.	Thome's bat, sloppy Sox aid Phils rout in Boston