Phillies - Top 1st. Smith pitching for Braves. Rollins grounded out to pitcher. Polanco grounded out to second. Abreu flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Milton pitching for Phillies. Furcal grounded out to second. Giles walked. Drew hit ground rule double to deep center, Giles to third. Jones struck out swinging. Marrero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Smith pitching for Braves. Thome flied out to right. Bell grounded out to second. Michaels popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Milton pitching for Phillies. Franco flied out to right. Jones homered to left. Perez flied out to right. Smith singled to right center. Furcal grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Smith out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Smith pitching for Braves. Burrell flied out to center. Lieberthal flied out to center. Milton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Milton pitching for Phillies. Giles flied out to right. Drew walked. Jones walked, Drew to second. Marrero singled to right, Drew to third, Jones to second. Franco reached on infield single to pitcher, Drew scored, Jones to third, Marrero to second. Jones reached on infield single to third, Jones scored, Marrero to third, Franco to second. Perez fouled out to first. Smith grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Smith pitching for Braves. Rollins doubled to deep right. Polanco singled to center, Rollins to third. Abreu lined into double play, to first, Polanco doubled off first. Thome singled to left, Rollins scored. Bell grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Thome out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Milton pitching for Phillies. Furcal grounded out to second. Giles flied out to left. Drew walked. Jones flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Smith pitching for Braves. Michaels walked. Burrell popped out to shortstop. Howard hit for Milton. Lieberthal reached on infield single to pitcher, Michaels to second. Howard singled to center, Michaels thrown out at home, Lieberthal to second. Collier ran for Howard. Rollins walked, Lieberthal to third, Howard to second. Madson pitching for Phillies. Polanco flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Madson pitching for Phillies. Marrero popped out to shortstop. Franco singled to right. Jones walked, Franco to second. Martin pitching for Braves. Perez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Jones out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Martin pitching for Braves. Abreu lined out to first. Thome flied out to left. Telemaco pitching for Phillies. Wise hit for Martin. Bell flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Telemaco pitching for Phillies. Wise struck out swinging. Furcal singled to center. Alfonseca pitching for Braves. Giles grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Furcal out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Alfonseca pitching for Braves. Michaels singled to left. Burrell struck out swinging. Utley hit for Telemaco. Lieberthal struck out swinging, Michaels stole second. Hernandez pitching for Phillies. Utley grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Hernandez pitching for Phillies. Drew walked. Rodriguez pitching for Phillies. Jones walked, Drew to second. Marrero flied out to center. Franco singled to right, Drew to third, Jones to second. Estrada hit for Perez. Jones struck out swinging. Estrada catching. Reitsma pitching for Braves. Estrada struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Reitsma pitching for Braves. Rollins doubled to deep right. Smoltz pitching for Braves. LaRoche at first base. Polanco grounded out to second, Rollins to third. Abreu popped out to shortstop. Cormier pitching for Phillies. Thome grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Cormier pitching for Phillies. LaRoche singled to left. Furcal singled to center, LaRoche to second. Giles bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, LaRoche out at third, Furcal to second. Drew reached on infield single to third, Furcal to third, Giles to second. Jones grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Drew out at second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Smoltz pitching for Braves. Bell flied out to right. Michaels struck out looking. Burrell lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 1 - Braves 3.	Point of no return: Phils buried by Braves' fill-in