Expos - Top 1st. Milton pitching for Phillies. Wilkerson lined out to first. Carroll walked. Batista struck out swinging. Rivera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Vargas pitching for Expos. Rollins struck out looking. Polanco flied out to right. Abreu grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 2nd. Milton pitching for Phillies. Pascucci struck out swinging. Sledge struck out looking. Diaz flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Vargas pitching for Expos. Bell singled to center. Howard grounded into fielder's choice to first, Bell safe at second on error by shortstop Izturis. Michaels doubled to deep center, Bell scored, Howard to third. Burrell struck out looking. Lieberthal intentionally walked. Milton hit ground rule double to deep center, Howard and Michaels scored, Lieberthal to third. Rollins singled to left, Lieberthal scored, Milton to third. Polanco grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rollins out at second. Abreu walked, Polanco to second. Bell grounded out to pitcher. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Expos - Top 3rd. Milton pitching for Phillies. Izturis singled to left, Izturis to second on error by left fielder Burrell. Vargas sacrificed to catcher, Izturis to third. Wilkerson hit sacrifice fly to left, Izturis scored. Carroll grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Vargas pitching for Expos. Howard struck out swinging. Michaels grounded out to second. Burrell walked. Lieberthal flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 4th. Milton pitching for Phillies. Batista walked. Rivera grounded into fielder's choice to third, Batista out at second. Pascucci struck out swinging. Tucker pitching for Expos. Sledge flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Tucker pitching for Expos. Milton grounded out to second. Rollins grounded out to second. Polanco flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 5th. Milton pitching for Phillies. Diaz grounded out to third. Labandeira hit for Tucker. Izturis grounded out to pitcher. Beltran pitching for Expos. Labandeira flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Beltran pitching for Expos. Abreu flied out to right. Bell struck out swinging. Howard doubled to deep center. Michaels grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 6th. Milton pitching for Phillies. Wilkerson lined out to right. Carroll singled to left. Batista flied out to left. Rivera homered to left, Carroll scored. Pascucci struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Beltran pitching for Expos. Burrell struck out swinging. Utley hit for Milton. Lieberthal doubled to deep center. Utley struck out swinging. Rollins singled to right, Lieberthal to third. Rollins stole second. Eischen pitching for Expos. Polanco singled to left, Lieberthal and Rollins scored. Madson pitching for Phillies. Abreu lined out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 7th. Madson pitching for Phillies. Sledge reached on infield single to second. Diaz lined into double play, first to second, Sledge doubled off first. Majewski pitching for Expos. Schneider catching. Izturis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Majewski pitching for Expos. Bell homered to left. Howard flied out to left. Michaels struck out swinging. Burrell grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 8th. Madson pitching for Phillies. Schneider lined out to center. Wilkerson walked. Carroll singled to center, Wilkerson to second. Rodriguez pitching for Phillies. Batista singled to left center, Wilkerson scored, Carroll to second. Church hit for Pascucci. Cormier pitching for Phillies. Rivera singled to right, Carroll scored, Batista to second. Church struck out swinging. Harris hit for Majewski. Sledge doubled to deep left, Batista and Rivera scored. Church in left field. Ayala pitching for Expos. Harris grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Byrd hit for Cormier. Ayala pitching for Expos. Lieberthal struck out swinging. Byrd struck out looking. Worrell pitching for Phillies. Rollins lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 9th. Worrell pitching for Phillies. Izturis singled to center. Schneider sacrificed to pitcher, Izturis to second, Schneider safe at first on error by pitcher Worrell. Wilkerson sacrificed to third, Izturis to third, Schneider to second. Carroll intentionally walked. Batista singled to left center, Izturis and Schneider scored, Carroll to second. Rivera walked, Carroll to third, Batista to second. Church singled to center, Carroll scored, Batista thrown out at home, Rivera to second. Geary pitching for Phillies. Sledge tripled to deep center, Rivera and Church scored. Rivera in right field. Chavez in center field. Ayala struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 9th. Ayala pitching for Expos. Polanco flied out to right. Abreu homered to right. Bell struck out swinging. Howard flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Expos 12 - Phillies 8.	Expos score five in ninth, beat Phillies