Cardinals - Top 1st. Tomko pitching for Dodgers. Kennedy singled to right. Duncan singled to right, Kennedy to third. Pujols popped out to shortstop. Edmonds doubled to left, Kennedy scored, Duncan to third. Rolen hit sacrifice fly to center, Duncan scored, Edmonds to third. Encarnacion singled to center, Edmonds scored. Molina lined out to right. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Furcal singled to center. Pierre bunt grounded out to pitcher, Furcal to second. Garciaparra grounded out to second, Furcal to third. Kent grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Tomko pitching for Dodgers. Eckstein doubled to left. Thompson out on batter's interference to catcher. Thompson batting. Kennedy doubled to deep right center, Eckstein scored. Duncan homered to right, Kennedy scored. Pujols flied out to right. Edmonds flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Gonzalez grounded out to first. Martin struck out swinging. Betemit grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Tomko pitching for Dodgers. Rolen doubled to deep left. Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop. Molina singled to right, Rolen scored. Seanez pitching for Dodgers. Eckstein singled to right, Molina to second. Thompson sacrificed to pitcher, Molina to third, Eckstein to second. Molina scored, Eckstein to third on wild pitch by Seanez. Kennedy flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Ethier singled to right. Seanez struck out swinging. Furcal singled to center, Ethier to second. Pierre grounded into fielder's choice to second, Furcal out at second, Ethier to third. Garciaparra flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Seanez pitching for Dodgers. Duncan grounded out to first. Pujols flied out to center. Edmonds flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Kent homered to center. Gonzalez flied out to right. Martin grounded out to first. Lieberthal catching. Betemit flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Seanez pitching for Dodgers. Rolen struck out swinging. Encarnacion grounded out to third. Molina grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. LaRoche hit for Seanez. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Ethier grounded out to shortstop. LaRoche grounded out to shortstop. Tsao pitching for Dodgers. Furcal struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Tsao pitching for Dodgers. Eckstein singled to right. Thompson struck out bunting foul. Kennedy grounded into double play, third to second to first, Eckstein out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Pierre grounded out to shortstop. Garciaparra safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Eckstein. Kent singled to left center, Garciaparra to third. Saenz at first base. Martinez at second base. Gonzalez grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Kent out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 7th. Tsao pitching for Dodgers. Duncan lined out to center. Pujols grounded out to third. Edmonds singled to center. Rolen singled to center, Edmonds to third. Encarnacion struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Lieberthal lined out to center. Betemit homered to right center. Valdez hit for Tsao. Ethier doubled to deep left. Valdez grounded out to shortstop. Johnson pitching for Cardinals. Furcal singled to right, Ethier scored. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Valdez in center field. Pierre grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Molina struck out looking. Spiezio hit for Johnson. Eckstein struck out swinging. Franklin pitching for Cardinals. Spiezio struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Franklin pitching for Cardinals. Saenz doubled to deep left. Martinez popped out to second. Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher. Lieberthal grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Kennedy flied out to center. Duncan grounded out to second. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Taguchi in left field. Pujols lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 9th. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Betemit singled to right. Ethier singled to right, Betemit to second. Valdez popped out to second. Clark hit for Billingsley. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Furcal singled to shallow left, Betemit to third, Ethier to second. Clark fouled out to first. Saenz walked, Betemit scored, Ethier to third, Furcal to second. Martinez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Saenz out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 8 - Dodgers 4.	Eckstein, Duncan jump-start Cards vs. Dodgers