Cardinals - Top 1st. Wolf pitching for Dodgers. Miles grounded out to second. Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop. Pujols popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Wells pitching for Cardinals. Furcal doubled to left. Pierre grounded out to second, Furcal to third. Garciaparra singled to left center, Furcal scored. Kent walked, Garciaparra to second. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kent out at second, Garciaparra to third. Martin grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gonzalez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Wolf pitching for Dodgers. Rolen grounded out to second. Ludwick struck out looking. Taguchi lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Wells pitching for Cardinals. Ethier grounded out to first. LaRoche walked. Wolf sacrificed to pitcher, LaRoche to second. Furcal struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Wolf pitching for Dodgers. Molina doubled to deep right. Eckstein grounded out to second, Molina to third. Wells struck out looking. Miles singled to right, Molina scored. Encarnacion reached on infield single to pitcher, Miles to second. Pujols hit by pitch, Miles to third, Encarnacion to second. Miles scored, Encarnacion to third on wild pitch by Wolf, Encarnacion scored, Pujols safe at second on throwing error by catcher Martin. Rolen walked. Ludwick struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Wells pitching for Cardinals. Pierre grounded out to shortstop. Garciaparra struck out swinging. Kent safe at first on error by shortstop Eckstein. Gonzalez walked, Kent to second. Martin grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 4th. Wolf pitching for Dodgers. Taguchi struck out swinging. Molina popped out to shortstop. Eckstein singled to left. Wells struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Wells pitching for Cardinals. Ethier doubled to left. LaRoche popped out to third. Wolf struck out looking. Furcal walked. Pierre singled to center, Ethier scored, Furcal to third. Garciaparra walked, Pierre to second. Kent struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Wolf pitching for Dodgers. Miles flied out to center. Encarnacion reached on infield single to third. Pujols singled to right, Encarnacion to second. Rolen struck out swinging. Ludwick struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Wells pitching for Cardinals. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. Martin singled to right. Martin stole second. Ethier intentionally walked. Martin to third, Ethier to second on wild pitch by Wells. Betemit hit for Wolf. LaRoche grounded into fielder's choice to third, Martin out at home, Ethier to third. Betemit homered to center, Ethier and LaRoche scored. Tsao pitching for Dodgers. Furcal struck out looking. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Tsao pitching for Dodgers. Taguchi struck out looking. Molina singled to left. Duncan hit for Wells. Eckstein singled to left, Molina to second. Duncan grounded into fielder's choice to first, Eckstein out at second, Molina to third. Falkenborg pitching for Cardinals. Duncan in left field. Miles struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Falkenborg pitching for Cardinals. Pierre flied out to right. Garciaparra flied out to right. Kent struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Tsao pitching for Dodgers. Encarnacion struck out swinging. Pujols popped out to shortstop. Spiezio hit for Falkenborg. Beimel pitching for Dodgers. Rolen doubled to left. Spiezio singled to center, Rolen scored. Encarnacion in center field. Spiezio in right field. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Taguchi flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. Martin popped out to first. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. Clark in left field. Ethier grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. Molina flied out to right. Eckstein popped out to shortstop. Duncan singled to shallow right. Springer pitching for Cardinals. Miles grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Springer pitching for Cardinals. LaRoche flied out to center. Johnson pitching for Cardinals. Clark singled to right. Furcal grounded out to catcher, Clark to second. Saito pitching for Dodgers. Pierre grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Saito pitching for Dodgers. Encarnacion reached on infield single to shortstop. Pujols struck out looking. Rolen grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Encarnacion out at second. Spiezio fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 4 - Dodgers 5.	Dodgers 5, Cardinals 4