Cardinals - Top 1st. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Taguchi grounded out to third. Spiezio grounded out to first. Pujols walked. Rolen flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Granderson singled to right. Polanco fouled out to right. Sheffield struck out swinging. Ordonez doubled to deep right, Granderson to third. Guillen singled to center, Granderson and Ordonez scored. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Guillen out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Encarnacion grounded out to third. Edmonds singled to center. Molina grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Edmonds safe at second on error by shortstop Guillen. Kennedy flied out to center. Eckstein struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Casey doubled to deep center. Monroe struck out swinging. Inge lined out to shortstop. Granderson hit ground rule double to deep left, Casey scored. Polanco popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Taguchi grounded out to second. Spiezio struck out swinging. Pujols walked. Rolen flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Sheffield fouled out to first. Ordonez singled to left. Guillen singled to right, Ordonez to second. Rodriguez homered to left, Ordonez and Guillen scored. Casey grounded out to second. Monroe grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Encarnacion grounded out to third. Edmonds walked. Molina doubled to deep center, Edmonds scored. Kennedy struck out swinging. Eckstein singled to right, Molina to third. Taguchi flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Inge grounded out to third. Granderson grounded out to first. Polanco grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Spiezio singled to center. Pujols singled to left, Spiezio to second. Rolen walked, Spiezio to third, Pujols to second. Encarnacion fouled out to catcher. Edmonds flied out to left. Molina singled to left, Spiezio scored, Pujols thrown out at home, Rolen to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Sheffield grounded out to shortstop. Ordonez grounded out to third. Ledezma pitching for Tigers. Guillen grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Ledezma pitching for Tigers. Kennedy walked. Eckstein singled to center, Kennedy to second. Kennedy to third, Eckstein to second on wild pitch by Ledezma. Taguchi grounded out to shortstop, Kennedy scored, Eckstein to third. Byrdak pitching for Tigers. Spiezio singled to right, Eckstein scored. Pujols struck out swinging. Spiezio to second on wild pitch by Byrdak. Rolen walked. Encarnacion flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Rodriguez doubled to right center. Casey grounded out to first, Rodriguez to third. Monroe hit sacrifice fly to center, Rodriguez scored. Inge hit by pitch. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Inge to second on wild pitch by Flores. Granderson grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Byrdak pitching for Tigers. Edmonds struck out swinging. Molina grounded out to third. Kennedy doubled to right. Eckstein singled to right, Kennedy scored. Rodney pitching for Tigers. Taguchi singled to right, Eckstein to third. Taguchi caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Spiezio batting. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Polanco lined out to left. Sheffield homered to left. Ordonez struck out swinging. Guillen struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Rodney pitching for Tigers. Spiezio singled to left. Pujols grounded out to third, Spiezio to second. Rolen grounded out to second, Spiezio to third. Encarnacion grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Rodriguez flied out to right. Casey singled to center. Monroe struck out looking. Jones pitching for Tigers. Inge struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Jones pitching for Tigers. Edmonds singled to center. Molina grounded into fielder's choice to third, Edmonds out at second. Duncan hit for Eckstein. Kennedy walked, Molina to second. Miles hit for Taguchi. Duncan flied out to left. Miles singled to center, Molina scored, Kennedy to third. Spiezio hit ground rule double to left, Kennedy scored, Miles to third. Pujols intentionally walked. Rolen popped out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 7 - Tigers 8.	Pudge goes deep, Tigers hang on against Cards