Cardinals - Top 1st. Cook pitching for Rockies. Miles grounded out to second. Taguchi hit by pitch. Spiezio grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Taguchi out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Spilborghs singled to right. Spilborghs stole second. Matsui grounded out to second, Spilborghs to third. Holliday singled to center, Spilborghs scored. Helton grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Holliday out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Cook pitching for Rockies. Edmonds flied out to center. Rolen walked. Encarnacion grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rolen out at second. Bennett singled to center, Encarnacion to second. Kennedy singled to left, Encarnacion scored, Bennett to second. Thompson grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Atkins doubled to deep left. Hawpe flied out to center, Atkins to third. Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop, Atkins scored. Iannetta grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Cook pitching for Rockies. Miles grounded out to shortstop. Taguchi grounded out to shortstop. Spiezio grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Cook doubled to deep left center. Spilborghs singled to center, Cook to third. Matsui struck out swinging. Holliday lined out to shortstop. Helton walked, Spilborghs to second. Atkins grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Edmonds flied out to center. Rolen lined out to shortstop. Encarnacion flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Hawpe flied out to center. Tulowitzki singled to center. Iannetta walked, Tulowitzki to second. Cook struck out bunting foul. Spilborghs grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Iannetta out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Bennett grounded out to shortstop. Kennedy lined out to shortstop. Thompson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Matsui grounded out to pitcher. Holliday grounded out to shortstop. Helton flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Miles grounded out to shortstop. Taguchi walked. Spiezio flied out to center. Edmonds singled to left, Taguchi to second. Rolen singled to shallow left, Taguchi to third, Edmonds to second. Encarnacion doubled to deep right center, Taguchi, Edmonds and Rolen scored. Bennett singled to center, Encarnacion scored. Kennedy flied out to left. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Atkins lined out to third. Hawpe singled to right. Tulowitzki flied out to center. Iannetta flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Thompson grounded out to third. Miles flied out to left. Finley hit for Cook. Taguchi flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Finley grounded out to second. Spilborghs grounded out to third. Ramirez pitching for Rockies. Matsui flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Ramirez pitching for Rockies. Spiezio singled to deep right, Spiezio to third on error by right fielder Hawpe. Edmonds grounded out to first. Rolen doubled to deep left, Spiezio scored. Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop. Rolen to third on wild pitch by Ramirez. Bennett doubled to deep left, Rolen scored. Kennedy grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Holliday flied out to center. Helton flied out to left. Julio pitching for Rockies. Ludwick hit for Flores. Atkins struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Julio pitching for Rockies. Ludwick singled to left. Miles grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ludwick out at second. Pujols at first base. Springer pitching for Cardinals. Taguchi flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Springer pitching for Cardinals. Hawpe doubled to left. Tulowitzki flied out to right, Hawpe to third. Baker hit for Julio. Iannetta hit sacrifice fly to right, Hawpe scored. Baker struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 7 - Rockies 3.	No Pujols, no problem: Cards bash Rockies, 7-3