Angels - Top 1st. Wells pitching for Cardinals. Figgins singled to center. Figgins stole second. Cabrera grounded out to second, Figgins to third. Guerrero struck out swinging. Matthews grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Colon pitching for Angels. Eckstein fouled out to third. Duncan homered to center. Pujols struck out looking. Edmonds doubled to right. Rolen struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Wells pitching for Cardinals. Kotchman flied out to center. Anderson singled to right. Kendrick singled to left, Anderson to third, Kendrick to second advancing on throw. Napoli intentionally walked. Colon grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Napoli out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Colon pitching for Angels. Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop. Kennedy flied out to right. Stinnett homered to left. Wells grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Wells pitching for Cardinals. Figgins struck out swinging. Cabrera struck out swinging. Guerrero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Colon pitching for Angels. Eckstein grounded out to second. Duncan struck out looking. Pujols homered to center. Edmonds struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Wells pitching for Cardinals. Matthews flied out to center. Kotchman walked. Anderson singled to center, Kotchman thrown out at third, Anderson to second advancing on throw. Kendrick struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Colon pitching for Angels. Rolen flied out to right. Encarnacion singled to left. Kennedy intentionally walked. Stinnett singled to right, Encarnacion scored, Kennedy to third. Kennedy picked off third. Wells singled to center, Stinnett to second. Stinnett to third, Wells to second on wild pitch by Colon. Eckstein fouled out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 5th. Willits hit for Colon. Wells pitching for Cardinals. Napoli walked. Willits singled to center, Napoli to second. Figgins grounded into fielder's choice to second, Willits out at second, Napoli to third. Cabrera walked, Figgins to second. Guerrero singled to center, Napoli and Figgins scored, Cabrera to third. Matthews struck out looking. Kotchman singled to center, Cabrera scored, Guerrero to second. Oliver pitching for Angels. Anderson lined out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Oliver pitching for Angels. Duncan struck out looking. Pujols struck out looking. Edmonds struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Wells pitching for Cardinals. Kendrick walked. Springer pitching for Cardinals. Aybar hit for Oliver. Napoli flied out to center. Aybar doubled to first, Kendrick to third. Figgins struck out swinging. Carrasco pitching for Angels. Cabrera flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Carrasco pitching for Angels. Rolen grounded out to shortstop. Encarnacion flied out to left. Johnson pitching for Cardinals. Miles at second base. Kennedy flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Johnson pitching for Cardinals. Guerrero singled to shallow left. Matthews hit ground rule double to deep left, Guerrero to third. Kotchman singled to left, Guerrero and Matthews scored, Kotchman to second advancing on throw. Anderson singled to right, Kotchman scored. Franklin pitching for Cardinals. Kendrick doubled to deep right, Anderson to third. Hillenbrand hit for Carrasco. Napoli doubled to left, Anderson and Kendrick scored. Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop. Figgins singled to left, Napoli to third. Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to center, Napoli scored. Cavazos pitching for Cardinals. Moseley pitching for Angels. Guerrero struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Moseley pitching for Angels. Stinnett flied out to center. Miles reached on infield single to shortstop. Eckstein singled to right, Miles to second. Duncan flied out to right. Pujols singled to center, Miles scored, Eckstein to second. Shields pitching for Angels. Edmonds struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Cavazos pitching for Cardinals. Matthews grounded out to second. Kotchman walked. Anderson flied out to right. Kendrick hit ground rule double to deep right, Kotchman to third. Napoli struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Shields pitching for Angels. Rolen grounded out to shortstop. Spiezio hit for Cavazos. Encarnacion struck out looking. Jimenez pitching for Cardinals. Haynes hit for Shields. Spiezio flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Jimenez pitching for Cardinals. Haynes grounded out to first. Figgins reached on infield single to shortstop. Figgins stole second. Figgins stole third, Figgins scored on throwing error by catcher Stinnett. Cabrera grounded out to second. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Haynes in right field. Taguchi hit for Stinnett. Guerrero grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Taguchi singled to center. Taguchi to second on fielder's indifference. Miles doubled to right, Taguchi scored. Eckstein popped out to shortstop. Duncan struck out swinging. Pujols struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 10 - Cardinals 6.	Angels ride six-run seventh inning past Cardinals