Royals - Top 1st. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. DeJesus singled to center. Gathright reached on bunt single to first, DeJesus to second, DeJesus to third on throwing error by first baseman Pujols. Teahen singled to center, DeJesus scored, Gathright to third. Buck hit sacrifice fly to right, Gathright scored. Gordon singled to right, Teahen to third. Shealy struck out swinging. Cortez safe at first on error by third baseman Rolen, Teahen scored, Gordon to second. Pena grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Meche pitching for Royals. Taguchi reached on infield single to third. Miles singled to left, Taguchi to second. Pujols grounded into fielder's choice to third, Miles out at second, Taguchi to third. Pujols stole second. Spiezio hit sacrifice fly to right, Taguchi scored, Pujols to third. Rolen lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Meche struck out swinging. DeJesus flied out to right. Gathright popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Meche pitching for Royals. Duncan struck out swinging. Kennedy grounded out to third. Stinnett doubled to right. Wellemeyer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Teahen struck out swinging. Buck grounded out to pitcher. Gordon flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Meche pitching for Royals. Taguchi grounded out to second. Miles singled to center. Pujols singled to center, Miles to third. Spiezio struck out swinging. Rolen grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pujols out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Shealy grounded out to third. Cortez safe at first on error by first baseman Pujols. Pena grounded into fielder's choice to first, Cortez out at second. Meche grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Meche pitching for Royals. Duncan struck out swinging. Kennedy grounded out to second. Stinnett struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. DeJesus safe at second on error by left fielder Duncan. Gathright reached on bunt single to third, DeJesus to third. Teahen grounded into double play, shortstop to first, DeJesus scored, Gathright out at second. Ryan hit for Wellemeyer. Buck flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Meche pitching for Royals. Ryan struck out looking. Taguchi grounded out to second. Miles singled to right. Pujols walked, Miles to second. Spiezio walked, Miles to third, Pujols to second. Rolen singled to center, Miles and Pujols scored, Spiezio to third. Greinke pitching for Royals. Duncan singled to right, Spiezio scored, Rolen to second. Miles at second base. Cavazos pitching for Cardinals. Ryan at shortstop. Kennedy struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Cavazos pitching for Cardinals. Gordon singled to left. Springer pitching for Cardinals. Shealy walked, Gordon to second. Cortez sacrificed to first, Gordon to third, Shealy to second. Pena singled to left, Gordon scored, Shealy to third. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Greinke struck out swinging. DeJesus singled to center, Shealy scored, Pena to third. Gathright struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Greinke pitching for Royals. Stinnett struck out swinging. Ryan fouled out to first. Taguchi flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Teahen struck out swinging. Buck struck out swinging. Franklin pitching for Cardinals. Gordon singled to right. Shealy grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gordon out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Greinke pitching for Royals. Miles singled to left. Pujols walked, Miles to second. Gordon at first base. Soria pitching for Royals. German at third base. Spiezio singled to right, Miles to third, Pujols to second. Rolen grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Miles scored, Spiezio out at second, Pujols to third. Duncan flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Franklin pitching for Cardinals. Cortez grounded out to pitcher. Pena popped out to second. German singled to right. German caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Schumaker hit for Franklin. DeJesus batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Soria pitching for Royals. Schumaker safe at first on error by shortstop Pena. Encarnacion hit for Ryan. Stinnett struck out swinging. Encarnacion grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Schumaker out at second, Encarnacion to second on throwing error by second baseman Cortez. Miles at shortstop. Spiezio at second base. Schumaker in right field. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Taguchi popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. DeJesus struck out swinging. Gathright grounded out to catcher. Teahen reached on infield single to first. Dotel pitching for Royals. Buck grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Dotel pitching for Royals. Miles singled to left. Pujols doubled to deep right, Miles scored. Spiezio intentionally walked. Rolen grounded into fielder's choice to third, Spiezio out at second, Pujols to third. Gobble pitching for Royals. Brown in left field. Ludwick hit for Schumaker. Peralta pitching for Royals. Duncan intentionally walked, Rolen to second. Ludwick struck out swinging. Ludwick in right field. Stinnett struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 10th. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Gordon singled to center. Gordon stole second. Brown grounded out to pitcher. Cortez grounded out to shortstop, Gordon to third. Wainwright hit for Isringhausen. Pena struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 10th. Peralta pitching for Royals. Wainwright grounded out to third. Taguchi hit ground rule double to deep right. Taguchi picked off second. Cate pitching for Cardinals. Miles flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 11th. Cate pitching for Cardinals. German flied out to right. Butler hit for Peralta. DeJesus struck out swinging. Riske pitching for Royals. Butler flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 11th. Riske pitching for Royals. Pujols flied out to right. Spiezio flied out to left. Rolen grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 12th. Cate pitching for Cardinals. Teahen grounded out to shortstop. Buck popped out to first. Gordon flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 12th. Riske pitching for Royals. Duncan singled to left. Ludwick flied out to right. Bennett hit for Cate. Stinnett singled to right, Duncan to third. Bennett walked, Stinnett to second. Taguchi struck out swinging. Wells pitching for Cardinals. Miles flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 13th. Wells pitching for Cardinals. Brown grounded out to first. Cortez lined out to shortstop. Pena popped out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 13th. Riske pitching for Royals. Pujols walked. Spiezio struck out swinging. Rolen singled to center, Pujols thrown out at third. Duncan struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 14th. Wells pitching for Cardinals. German grounded out to pitcher. Costa hit for Riske. DeJesus tripled to deep right. Costa grounded out to second. Teahen intentionally walked. Teahen to second on fielder's indifference. De La Rosa pitching for Royals. Buck struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 14th. De La Rosa pitching for Royals. Ludwick homered to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 6 - Cardinals 7.	Ludwick's 14th-inning HR lifts Cards past Royals