Giants - Top 1st. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Roberts struck out looking. Winn flied out to left. Durham flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Miles flied out to left. Spiezio flied out to center. Pujols singled to center. Duncan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Bonds walked. Klesko flied out to center. Molina fouled out to first. Aurilia fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Rolen singled to left. Schumaker singled to center, Rolen to second. Molina grounded out to shortstop, Rolen to third, Schumaker to second. Kennedy lined out to shortstop. Looper doubled to right, Rolen and Schumaker scored. Looper to third on wild pitch by Lincecum. Miles struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Vizquel singled to left. Lincecum singled to center, Vizquel to third. Roberts grounded out to first, Lincecum to second. Winn singled to center, Vizquel and Lincecum scored. Durham lined into double play, to first, Winn doubled off first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Spiezio struck out looking. Pujols singled to right center. Duncan lined out to center. Rolen walked, Pujols to second. Schumaker grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Bonds struck out looking. Klesko flied out to right. Molina grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Molina flied out to center. Kennedy walked. Looper sacrificed to pitcher, Kennedy to second. Miles grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Aurilia grounded out to third. Vizquel singled to center. Lincecum bunt popped into double play, third to first, Vizquel doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Spiezio walked. Pujols struck out swinging. Spiezio caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Duncan flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Roberts doubled to left. Winn singled to right, Roberts to third. Durham grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Roberts scored, Winn out at second. Bonds walked. Klesko flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Rolen grounded out to shortstop. Schumaker homered to right. Molina flied out to left. Kennedy struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Molina singled to center. Aurilia singled to center, Molina to second. Rodriguez ran for Molina. Sweeney hit for Lincecum. Vizquel sacrificed to pitcher, Rodriguez to third, Aurilia to second. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Sweeney safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Miles, Rodriguez scored, Aurilia to third. Roberts sacrificed to pitcher, Sweeney to second. Winn safe at first on error by shortstop Miles, Aurilia and Sweeney scored. Winn stole second. Durham safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Miles, Winn scored. Rodriguez catching. Atchison pitching for Giants. Lewis in left field. Ludwick hit for Flores. Bonds fouled out to catcher. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 3 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Atchison pitching for Giants. Ludwick flied out to left. Miles grounded out to pitcher. Spiezio singled to left. Ludwick in right field. Wells pitching for Cardinals. Pujols flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Wells pitching for Cardinals. Klesko hit ground rule double to first. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. Aurilia fouled out to first. Vizquel popped out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Taschner pitching for Giants. Duncan singled to center. Rolen walked, Duncan to second. Schumaker singled to left center, Duncan to third, Rolen to second. Messenger pitching for Giants. Molina grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Duncan out at home, Rolen to third, Schumaker to second. Kennedy hit sacrifice fly to left, Rolen scored, Schumaker to third. Ludwick doubled to deep left, Schumaker and Molina scored. Miles grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Wells pitching for Cardinals. Lewis grounded out to shortstop. Roberts singled to center. Winn struck out looking, Roberts to third on throwing error by catcher Molina. Durham intentionally walked. Feliz hit for Messenger. Hennessey pitching for Giants. Feliz fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Taguchi hit for Wells. Hennessey pitching for Giants. Taguchi singled to center. Pujols grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Taguchi out at second. Duncan walked. Rolen grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Duncan out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 7 - Cardinals 6.	Miles' miscues prove costly for Cards in loss