Cardinals - Top 1st. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Eckstein doubled to deep left. Taguchi grounded out to shortstop, Eckstein to third. Pujols popped out to second. Encarnacion popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Maroth pitching for Cardinals. Rollins homered to left. Victorino flied out to left. Utley struck out swinging. Howard homered to right. Rowand doubled to deep left. Burrell walked. Helms grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Rolen singled to left. Duncan walked, Rolen to second. Molina lined out to third. Miles walked, Rolen to third, Duncan to second. Maroth singled to center, Rolen scored, Duncan to third, Miles to second. Eckstein hit sacrifice fly to left, Duncan scored. Taguchi grounded into fielder's choice to third, Miles out at third, Maroth to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Maroth pitching for Cardinals. Ruiz safe at first on error by second baseman Miles. Hamels bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Ruiz out at second. Rollins singled to right, Hamels to second. Victorino flied out to left. Utley doubled to deep right, Hamels and Rollins scored. Howard struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Pujols homered to center. Encarnacion struck out swinging. Rolen flied out to center. Duncan struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Maroth pitching for Cardinals. Rowand homered to left. Burrell singled to right. Helms grounded into fielder's choice to third, Burrell out at second. Ruiz grounded into double play, third to second to first, Helms out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Molina grounded out to pitcher. Miles grounded out to second. Maroth grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Maroth pitching for Cardinals. Hamels struck out swinging. Rollins flied out to center. Victorino walked. Utley grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Eckstein singled to right center. Taguchi grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Eckstein out at second. Pujols doubled to left. Pujols to third on wild pitch by Hamels. Encarnacion singled to deep left, Pujols scored. Rolen flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Maroth pitching for Cardinals. Howard hit by pitch. Rowand doubled to deep left, Howard to third. Burrell doubled to left, Howard and Rowand scored. Helms lined out to right, Burrell to third. Ruiz hit sacrifice fly to center, Burrell scored. Hamels struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Duncan grounded out to first. Molina doubled to left. Ludwick hit for Maroth. Miles grounded out to third. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Ludwick flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Rollins singled to center. Victorino doubled to left, Rollins to third. Utley fouled out to third. Howard struck out swinging. Rowand hit by pitch. Nunez ran for Burrell. Burrell singled to right, Rollins and Victorino scored, Rowand to second. Nunez at third base. Madson pitching for Phillies. Bourn in left field. Helms grounded into fielder's choice to third, Nunez out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Madson pitching for Phillies. Eckstein grounded out to second. Taguchi singled to right. Pujols grounded into fielder's choice to third, Taguchi out at second. Encarnacion singled to right, Pujols to second. Franklin pitching for Cardinals. Rolen flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Franklin pitching for Cardinals. Ruiz grounded out to third. Bourn lined out to center. Rollins grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Madson pitching for Phillies. Duncan lined out to left. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Miles grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Victorino struck out swinging. Utley singled to center. Howard struck out swinging. Rowand doubled to right, Utley to third. Dobbs hit for Madson. Nunez walked. Alfonseca pitching for Phillies. Schumaker hit for Isringhausen. Dobbs struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Alfonseca pitching for Phillies. Schumaker flied out to left. Eckstein grounded out to third. Taguchi grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 4 - Phillies 10.	Phillies continue hot hitting, avoid 10,000th loss