Cardinals - Top 1st. Hudson pitching for Braves. Eckstein singled to center. Kennedy sacrificed to catcher, Eckstein to second. Pujols struck out swinging. Duncan grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Maroth pitching for Cardinals. Escobar grounded out to second. Renteria flied out to center. Jones walked. Jones homered to left, Jones scored. Francoeur grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Hudson pitching for Braves. Edmonds singled to center. Encarnacion popped out to second. Miles grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Edmonds out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Maroth pitching for Cardinals. Diaz homered to center. Franco grounded out to shortstop. Saltalamacchia grounded out to shortstop. Hudson flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Hudson pitching for Braves. Bennett grounded out to second. Maroth grounded out to pitcher. Eckstein grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Maroth pitching for Cardinals. Escobar flied out to center. Renteria grounded out to second. Jones singled to left. Jones walked, Jones to second. Francoeur singled to right center, Jones scored, Jones to third. Diaz singled to center, Jones scored, Francoeur to second. Franco walked, Francoeur to third, Diaz to second. Saltalamacchia grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Franco out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Hudson pitching for Braves. Kennedy lined out to shortstop. Pujols walked. Duncan grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first to shortstop, Pujols out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Maroth pitching for Cardinals. Hudson grounded out to third. Escobar grounded out to third. Renteria singled to center. Jones singled to center, Renteria to second. Jones singled to left, Renteria scored, Jones to second. Francoeur singled to left center, Jones scored, Jones to second. Diaz doubled to deep center, Jones scored, Francoeur to third. Franco singled to left center, Francoeur and Diaz scored. Saltalamacchia flied out to right, Franco to second. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Hudson pitching for Braves. Edmonds flied out to left. Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop. Miles grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Maroth pitching for Cardinals. Hudson grounded out to third. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. Renteria flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Escobar at shortstop. Johnson at second base. Hudson pitching for Braves. Bennett singled to center. Ryan hit for Maroth. Bennett to second on wild pitch by Hudson. Ryan singled to left, Bennett to third. Eckstein hit sacrifice fly to right, Bennett scored. Ryan stole second. Kennedy struck out swinging. Pujols grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Ryan at shortstop. Jones struck out swinging. Jones grounded out to third. Francoeur flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Woodward at third base. Harris in center field. Hudson pitching for Braves. Duncan lined out to second. Edmonds struck out looking. Encarnacion reached on infield single to first. Miles grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Encarnacion out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Schumaker in left field. Ludwick in right field. Duncan at first base. Taguchi in center field. Springer pitching for Cardinals. Diaz grounded out to second. Franco grounded out to pitcher. Saltalamacchia struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Moylan pitching for Braves. Bennett grounded out to first. Ryan reached on infield single to second, Ryan to second on throwing error by second baseman Johnson. Schumaker singled to center, Ryan to third. Kennedy grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Schumaker out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 8th. Reyes hit for Moylan. Cate pitching for Cardinals. Reyes flied out to left. Escobar grounded out to first. Johnson walked. Woodward walked, Johnson to second. Harris singled to right, Johnson to third, Woodward to second. Francoeur grounded into fielder's choice to third, Harris out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Ledezma pitching for Braves. Ludwick walked. Duncan struck out looking. Taguchi grounded out to pitcher. Molina hit for Cate. Molina grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 1 - Braves 10.	Hudson shuts down Cards; Braves rough up Maroth