Brewers - Top 1st. Maroth pitching for Cardinals. Hart fouled out to first. Hardy popped out to third. Braun struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Vargas pitching for Brewers. Eckstein grounded out to shortstop. Schumaker doubled to center. Pujols grounded out to third, Schumaker to third. Duncan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Maroth pitching for Cardinals. Fielder grounded out to second. Hall flied out to right. Mench singled to center. Estrada singled to right, Mench to second. Graffanino flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Vargas pitching for Brewers. Edmonds singled to right. Rolen flied out to right. Kennedy struck out looking. Bennett singled to right, Edmonds to second. Maroth safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Braun, Edmonds to third, Bennett to second. Eckstein fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 3rd. Maroth pitching for Cardinals. Vargas struck out swinging. Hart doubled to left. Hardy singled to center, Hart scored. Braun struck out swinging. Fielder hit ground rule double to deep right, Hardy to third. Hall singled to left, Hardy and Fielder scored, Hall to second advancing on throw. Mench reached on infield single to second, Hall to third. Estrada reached on infield single to first, Hall scored, Mench to third. Graffanino singled to right, Mench scored, Estrada to second. Vargas grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Vargas pitching for Brewers. Schumaker struck out swinging. Pujols flied out to left. Duncan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Maroth pitching for Cardinals. Hart homered to center. Hardy grounded out to third. Braun grounded out to shortstop. Fielder grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Vargas pitching for Brewers. Edmonds flied out to left. Rolen singled to left. Kennedy singled to right center, Rolen to third. Bennett hit sacrifice fly to center, Rolen scored, Kennedy to second on throwing error by center fielder Hall. Maroth popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 5th. Maroth pitching for Cardinals. Hall doubled to left center. Jimenez pitching for Cardinals. Mench singled to center, Hall to third. Estrada walked, Mench to second. Graffanino hit by pitch, Hall scored, Mench to third, Estrada to second. Vargas struck out looking. Hart singled to left, Mench scored, Estrada to third, Graffanino to second. Hardy singled to right center, Estrada scored, Graffanino to third, Hart to second. Braun hit sacrifice fly to right, Graffanino scored, Hart to third. Fielder grounded out to pitcher. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Vargas pitching for Brewers. Eckstein grounded out to third. Schumaker lined out to pitcher. Pujols flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Jimenez pitching for Cardinals. Hall singled to center. Mench grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hall out at second. Estrada struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Vargas pitching for Brewers. Duncan grounded out to first. Edmonds walked. Miles hit for Rolen. Miles reached on infield single to third, Edmonds to second. Kennedy struck out swinging. Bennett singled to center, Edmonds scored, Miles to second. Ludwick hit for Jimenez. Ludwick grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bennett out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Keisler pitching for Cardinals. Duncan at first base. Miles at third base. Ludwick in left field. Graffanino flied out to right. Vargas popped out to first. Hart flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Taguchi hit for Eckstein. Vargas pitching for Brewers. Taguchi struck out looking. Schumaker struck out swinging. Keisler singled to center. Duncan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Taguchi at second base. Kennedy at shortstop. Counsell hit for Hardy. Keisler pitching for Cardinals. Counsell flied out to left. Braun flied out to center. Weeks hit for Fielder. Weeks singled to left. Hall grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Counsell at shortstop. Weeks at second base. Graffanino at first base. Vargas pitching for Brewers. Edmonds grounded out to second. Miles singled to center. Kennedy flied out to center. Bennett flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Schumaker in center field. Duncan in left field. Molina at first base. Ludwick in right field. Keisler pitching for Cardinals. Mench singled to right. Estrada grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Mench safe at third on error by second baseman Taguchi. Graffanino grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Mench scored, Estrada out at second. Jenkins hit for Vargas. Jenkins doubled to left, Graffanino scored. Hart grounded out to third. Counsell walked. Braun singled to left, Jenkins to third, Counsell to second. Weeks flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Linebrink pitching for Brewers. Ludwick struck out swinging. Taguchi walked. Schumaker grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Taguchi out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 12 - Cardinals 2.	Brew Crew comes out swinging to blast Cardinals