Cardinals - Top 1st. Armas pitching for Pirates. Miles grounded out to second. Edmonds lined out to left. Pujols walked. Duncan struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Looper pitching for Cardinals. McLouth grounded out to first. Bautista grounded out to third. Sanchez singled to center. LaRoche singled to right, Sanchez to third. Bay singled to center, Sanchez scored, LaRoche to third. Doumit walked, Bay to second. Paulino homered to left, LaRoche, Bay and Doumit scored. Wilson grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Armas pitching for Pirates. Rolen singled to left. Encarnacion grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rolen out at second. Kennedy struck out swinging. Molina grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Armas lined out to first. McLouth grounded out to first. Bautista grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Armas pitching for Pirates. Looper grounded out to shortstop. Miles grounded out to first. Edmonds struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Sanchez grounded out to first. LaRoche homered to right center. Bay singled to center. Doumit singled to right, Bay to second. Paulino grounded into fielder's choice to third, Doumit out at second, Bay to third. Wilson singled to left, Bay scored, Paulino to third, Wilson out stretching at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Armas pitching for Pirates. Pujols popped out to second. Duncan flied out to center. Rolen singled to left. Encarnacion grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rolen out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Armas grounded out to pitcher. McLouth flied out to left. Bautista grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Armas pitching for Pirates. Kennedy grounded out to second. Molina lined out to second. Bennett hit for Looper. Bennett grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Bennett catching. Sanchez singled to center. LaRoche flied out to left. Bay grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Sanchez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Armas pitching for Pirates. Miles homered to right. Edmonds grounded out to first. Pujols grounded out to second. Duncan struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Spiezio at third base. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Doumit doubled to deep right. Paulino flied out to center, Doumit thrown out at third. Wilson homered to left. Armas grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Armas pitching for Pirates. Spiezio struck out swinging. Encarnacion singled to left. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Encarnacion stole second. Kennedy struck out swinging. Ludwick hit for Thompson. Ludwick flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Maroth pitching for Cardinals. Ludwick in right field. McLouth fouled out to shortstop. Bautista singled to center. Sanchez singled to left center, Bautista thrown out at third, Sanchez to second advancing on throw. LaRoche struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Marte pitching for Pirates. Bennett singled to right. Miles struck out looking. Taguchi hit for Edmonds. Taguchi singled to left center, Bennett to third. Pujols grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Taguchi out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Taguchi in center field. Maroth pitching for Cardinals. Bay walked. Doumit struck out looking. Paulino singled to center, Bay to second. Wilson singled to right, Bay to third, Paulino to second. Castillo hit for Marte. Castillo hit by pitch, Bay scored, Paulino to third, Wilson to second. McLouth singled to center, Paulino scored, Wilson to third, Castillo to second. Bautista singled to center, Wilson and Castillo scored, McLouth to third. Sanchez hit ground rule double to deep left, McLouth scored, Bautista to third. LaRoche grounded out to second, Bautista scored, Sanchez to third. Bay doubled to deep center, Sanchez scored. Doumit singled to right, Bay to third. Percival pitching for Cardinals. Paulino struck out swinging. 7 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Kata in left field. Phelps at first base. Capps pitching for Pirates. Castillo at second base. Duncan singled to left. Spiezio popped out to second. Percival struck out swinging. Kennedy flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 1 - Pirates 15.	Paulino sparks Pirates rout; Armas shuts down Cards