Cardinals - Top 1st. Redding pitching for Nationals. Eckstein flied out to center. Edmonds singled to right. Pujols struck out swinging. Duncan grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Wells pitching for Cardinals. Lopez struck out swinging. Belliard grounded out to third. Zimmerman reached on infield single to shortstop. Young singled to center, Zimmerman to second. Kearns walked, Zimmerman to third, Young to second. Church struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Redding pitching for Nationals. Rolen struck out looking. Encarnacion flied out to left. Kennedy walked. Molina singled to left, Kennedy to second. Wells singled to right, Kennedy scored, Molina to third. Eckstein grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Wells pitching for Cardinals. Schneider walked. Logan grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Schneider out at second. Redding struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Redding pitching for Nationals. Edmonds singled to right. Pujols struck out swinging. Duncan struck out swinging. Rolen singled to center, Edmonds to second. Encarnacion flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Wells pitching for Cardinals. Lopez grounded out to second. Belliard grounded out to shortstop. Zimmerman popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Redding pitching for Nationals. Kennedy grounded out to pitcher. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Wells singled to left. Eckstein doubled to deep left, Wells to third. Edmonds flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Wells pitching for Cardinals. Young grounded out to shortstop. Kearns grounded out to shortstop. Church grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Redding pitching for Nationals. Pujols grounded out to third. Duncan struck out swinging. Rolen grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Wells pitching for Cardinals. Schneider reached on infield single to shortstop. Logan struck out looking. Redding grounded into fielder's choice to third, Schneider out at second. Redding to second on wild pitch by Wells. Lopez doubled to left, Redding scored. Belliard lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Redding pitching for Nationals. Encarnacion struck out swinging. Kennedy struck out looking. Molina struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Wells pitching for Cardinals. Zimmerman doubled to deep right center. Young grounded out to first, Zimmerman to third. Kearns walked. Church grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kearns out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Redding pitching for Nationals. Wells grounded out to shortstop. Eckstein walked. King pitching for Nationals. Eckstein stole second. Edmonds struck out swinging. Pujols walked. Duncan flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Wells pitching for Cardinals. Schneider walked. Logan reached on bunt single to third, Schneider to second. Jimenez hit for King. Langerhans ran for Schneider. Jimenez walked, Langerhans to third, Logan to second. Springer pitching for Cardinals. Lopez flied out to left. Belliard hit sacrifice fly to right, Langerhans scored, Logan to third. Zimmerman grounded into fielder's choice to third, Jimenez out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Fick at first base. Flores catching. Langerhans in left field. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Rolen flied out to right. Encarnacion reached on infield single to third. Kennedy singled to right, Encarnacion to third. Molina singled to center, Encarnacion scored, Kennedy to second. Spiezio hit for Springer. Spiezio grounded out to third, Kennedy to third, Molina to second. Eckstein popped out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Fick walked. Kearns flied out to center. Flores grounded into fielder's choice to third, Fick out at second. Langerhans singled to right, Flores to third. Logan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Cordero pitching for Nationals. Edmonds struck out swinging. Pujols lined out to center. Duncan singled to right. Rolen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 9th. Franklin pitching for Cardinals. Taguchi in center field. Batista hit for Cordero. Batista singled to left center. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Batista out at second. Belliard singled to right, Lopez to second. Zimmerman singled to left, Lopez scored, Belliard to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 2 - Nationals 3.	Zimmerman, Nats nip Cards for fourth straight win