Marlins - Top 1st. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Ramirez singled to left. Ramirez caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. De Aza struck out swinging. Cabrera walked. Willingham safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Ryan, Cabrera to third. Jacobs walked. Uggla struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Barone pitching for Marlins. Eckstein popped out to shortstop. Ankiel grounded out to second. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Hermida struck out swinging. Treanor doubled to deep left. Barone struck out looking. Ramirez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Barone pitching for Marlins. Edmonds flied out to center. Encarnacion doubled to left. Molina grounded out to shortstop, Encarnacion to third. Miles flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. De Aza singled to center. Cabrera grounded into double play, third to second to first, De Aza out at second. Willingham singled to left. Jacobs singled to center, Willingham to second, Willingham scored on error by center fielder Edmonds. Uggla singled to left, Jacobs to second. Hermida flied out to left. 1 Run, 8 Hits, 2 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Barone pitching for Marlins. Wainwright singled to center. Ryan doubled to left, Wainwright to third. Eckstein lined out to center. Ankiel walked. Pujols grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ankiel out at second. 0 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Treanor flied out to center. Barone struck out swinging. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Barone pitching for Marlins. Edmonds singled to right. Encarnacion flied out to center. Molina singled to right, Edmonds to second. Miles grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Molina out at second. 0 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. De Aza bunt grounded out to third. Cabrera homered to left center. Willingham flied out to left. Jacobs grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Barone pitching for Marlins. Wainwright walked. Ryan popped out to first. Eckstein grounded into double play, second to first, Wainwright out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Uggla fouled out to third. Hermida singled to left. Treanor singled to left, Hermida to second. Barone bunted into fielder's choice to first, Hermida out at third, Treanor to second. Ramirez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Barone pitching for Marlins. Ankiel popped out to shortstop. Pujols homered to left. Edmonds singled to center. Encarnacion flied out to left. Gardner pitching for Marlins. Molina flied out to center. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Springer pitching for Cardinals. De Aza singled to center. Cabrera struck out swinging. Willingham struck out swinging. Jacobs fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Wood at first base. Gardner pitching for Marlins. Miles grounded out to shortstop. Ludwick hit for Springer. Ludwick flied out to center. Ryan reached on infield single to second. Eckstein singled to center, Ryan to second. Tankersley pitching for Marlins. Ankiel struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Percival pitching for Cardinals. Ludwick in left field. Uggla fouled out to first. Hermida struck out swinging. Treanor singled to center. Linden hit for Tankersley. Linden struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Benitez pitching for Marlins. Pujols flied out to center. Edmonds flied out to left. Encarnacion safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Ramirez. Molina singled to right, Encarnacion scored, Molina to third on throwing error by right fielder Hermida. Miles singled to right center, Molina scored. Ludwick homered to left, Miles scored. Miller pitching for Marlins. Duncan hit for Ryan. Duncan struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 4 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Rolen at third base. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Ramirez walked. De Aza struck out swinging. Cabrera flied out to right. Willingham lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 2 - Cardinals 5.	Cards rally for four runs in eighth to beat Marlins