Phillies - Top 1st. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Rollins flied out to center. Utley lined out to left. Burrell grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Miles grounded out to second. Schumaker grounded out to second. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Howard homered to left. Rowand singled to right. Dobbs grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Rowand out at second. Werth grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Edmonds grounded out to first. Ankiel reached on infield single to first. Spiezio grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ankiel out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Ruiz lined out to pitcher. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. Rollins walked. Utley hit ground rule double to deep right center, Rollins to third. Burrell popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Stinnett flied out to right. Thompson struck out swinging. Ryan popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Howard walked. Rowand homered to center, Howard scored. Dobbs struck out looking. Werth walked. Cavazos pitching for Cardinals. Ruiz safe at first on error by shortstop Ryan, Werth to third. Kendrick sacrificed to catcher, Ruiz to second. Rollins homered to right center, Werth and Ruiz scored. Utley flied out to center. 5 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Miles reached on infield single to third. Miles stole second. Schumaker grounded out to pitcher. Pujols flied out to center, Miles to third. Edmonds walked. Ankiel popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Cavazos pitching for Cardinals. Burrell walked. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Howard flied out to left. Rowand struck out swinging. Dobbs singled to right, Burrell to second. Werth singled to center, Burrell scored, Dobbs to second, Dobbs thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Spiezio flied out to right. Stinnett singled to left. Barden hit for Flores. Barden singled to right, Stinnett to second. Ryan grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Barden out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Ludwick in right field. Ankiel in center field. Barden at shortstop. An Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Ruiz grounded out to shortstop. Kendrick walked. Rollins singled to right, Kendrick to second. Utley flied out to center, Kendrick to third. Burrell walked, Rollins to second. Howard homered to left, Kendrick, Rollins and Burrell scored. Rowand struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Miles grounded out to shortstop. Schumaker doubled to left. Pujols singled to center, Schumaker scored. Ludwick homered to left center, Pujols scored. Ankiel grounded out to first. Spiezio grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Dobbs flied out to center. Werth walked. Ruiz doubled to right, Werth to third. Johnson pitching for Cardinals. Victorino hit for Kendrick. Victorino hit sacrifice fly to left, Werth scored. Rollins lined out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Bourn in left field. Nunez at third base. Condrey pitching for Phillies. Stinnett singled to right. Barden safe at first on error by shortstop Rollins, Stinnett to second. Branyan hit for Johnson. Branyan singled to right, Stinnett to third, Barden to second. Miles singled to center, Stinnett and Barden scored, Branyan to second. Schumaker singled to center, Branyan to third, Miles to second. Mesa pitching for Phillies. Pujols doubled to deep left, Branyan and Miles scored, Schumaker to third. Ludwick grounded out to second, Schumaker scored, Pujols to third. Ankiel hit sacrifice fly to center, Pujols scored. Spiezio grounded out to first. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 8th. Maroth pitching for Cardinals. Branyan at third base. Utley lined out to first. Bourn struck out swinging. Howard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Alfonseca pitching for Phillies. Stinnett flied out to left. Barden singled to right. Branyan walked, Barden to second. Davis pitching for Phillies. Davis pitching for Phillies. Davis pitching for Phillies. Davis pitching for Phillies. Miles flied out to right, Barden to third. Davis pitching for Phillies. Davis pitching for Phillies. Davis pitching for Phillies. Davis pitching for Phillies. Miles flied out to right, Barden to third. Barden scored, Branyan to second on passed ball by Ruiz. Schumaker singled to center, Branyan scored. Pujols walked, Schumaker to second. Ludwick flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Schumaker in right field. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Taguchi in left field. Rowand homered to left. Nunez grounded out to second. Werth flied out to right. Ruiz flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Castro pitching for Phillies. Ankiel struck out looking. Rosario pitching for Phillies. Taguchi walked. Cairo hit for Stinnett. Cairo singled to left, Taguchi to second. Barden popped out to first. Branyan struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 13 - Cardinals 11.	Phils nearly blow 11-run lead, hang on vs. Cards