Astros - Top 1st. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Anderson flied out to left. Biggio flied out to center. Berkman flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Eckstein doubled to deep left. Taguchi grounded into double play, first to third, Eckstein out at third. Ankiel grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Lee walked. Lamb flied out to center. Burke flied out to right. Ransom singled to left, Lee to second. Towles doubled to left, Lee and Ransom scored. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Spiezio flied out to center. Ludwick doubled to deep left center. Molina grounded out to pitcher. Cairo lined out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Anderson singled to left. Biggio grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Anderson out at second. Berkman grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Looper struck out swinging. Ryan grounded out to second. Eckstein flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Lee singled to left. Lamb doubled to right, Lee to third. Burke grounded out to shortstop. Ransom intentionally walked. Towles singled to left, Lee and Lamb scored, Ransom to second. Rodriguez sacrificed to pitcher, Ransom to third, Towles to second. Anderson grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Taguchi lined out to third. Ankiel flied out to center. Spiezio flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Biggio flied out to center. Berkman doubled to deep center. Lee grounded out to third. Lamb flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Ludwick singled to left. Molina grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ludwick out at second. Molina to second on wild pitch by Rodriguez. Cairo singled to right, Molina to third. Molina caught stealing home, catcher to third, Cairo to second on runner's fielder's choice. Looper struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Burke popped out to first. Ransom doubled to left. Towles hit ground rule double to right, Ransom scored. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Anderson walked. Cavazos pitching for Cardinals. Biggio grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Ryan safe at first on error by shortstop Ransom. Eckstein singled to center, Ryan to second. Taguchi grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Eckstein out at second, Ryan to third. Ankiel grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Astros - Top 7th. Bennett catching. Cavazos pitching for Cardinals. Berkman grounded out to first. Lee singled to left. Lamb singled to left, Lee to second. Burke singled to left, Lee scored, Lamb to third, Lamb scored, Burke to second on throwing error by left fielder Taguchi. Ransom walked. Jimenez pitching for Cardinals. Schumaker in left field. Towles hit by pitch, Burke to third, Ransom to second. Rodriguez struck out looking. Anderson singled to left, Burke and Ransom scored, Towles to second. Biggio singled to right, Towles scored, Anderson to second, Anderson to third, Biggio to second on throwing error by right fielder Ludwick. Berkman grounded out to pitcher. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 2 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Ausmus at third base. Everett at shortstop. Bruntlett in left field. Lamb at first base. Ransom at second base. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Spiezio flied out to right. Ludwick flied out to center. Bennett flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Barden at shortstop. Branyan at first base. Jimenez pitching for Cardinals. Bruntlett safe at first on error by second baseman Ryan. Lamb walked, Bruntlett to second. Burke struck out looking. Ransom singled to left, Bruntlett to third, Lamb to second. Miles in left field. Falkenborg pitching for Cardinals. Schumaker in right field. Towles walked, Bruntlett scored, Lamb to third, Ransom to second. Rodriguez singled to right, Lamb scored, Ransom to third, Towles to second. Ransom scored, Towles to third, Rodriguez to second on wild pitch by Falkenborg. Anderson grounded out to shortstop, Towles scored, Rodriguez to third. Ausmus reached on infield single to third, Rodriguez scored. Everett singled to center, Ausmus to second. Bruntlett singled to right, Ausmus to third, Everett to second. Lamb singled to center, Ausmus scored, Everett to third, Bruntlett to second. Burke grounded out to second. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Cairo singled to deep center, Cairo to third on error by center fielder Anderson. Schumaker singled to center, Cairo scored. Schumaker to second on wild pitch by Rodriguez. Ryan grounded out to shortstop. Branyan flied out to right, Schumaker to third. Miles grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 9th. Branyan at third base. Miles pitching for Cardinals. Stinnett catching. Bennett at first base. Cairo in left field. Ransom hit by pitch. Towles homered to left, Ransom scored. Quintero hit for Rodriguez. Quintero singled to left. Anderson singled to right, Quintero to second. Ausmus grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Anderson out at second, Quintero to third. Everett popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. McLemore pitching for Astros. Ankiel doubled to deep right. Barden flied out to left. Stinnett struck out swinging. Bennett popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 18 - Cardinals 1.	Rookie drives in Astros-best 8 in romp of Cards