Cardinals - Top 1st. Bush pitching for Brewers. Eckstein singled to left. Ankiel struck out swinging. Pujols grounded into double play, third to second to first, Eckstein out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Weeks walked. Hardy doubled to deep left center, Weeks scored. Braun safe at first on error by shortstop Eckstein. Fielder homered to center, Hardy and Braun scored. Hart singled to center. Hart stole second. Hart to third on wild pitch by Wainwright. Jenkins struck out looking. Hall struck out swinging. Miller struck out looking. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Bush pitching for Brewers. Ludwick reached on infield single to third. Taguchi flied out to right. Miles lined out to left. Bennett singled to left, Ludwick to second. Wainwright lined out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Bush grounded out to first. Weeks doubled to deep left. Hardy grounded out to shortstop, Weeks to third. Braun popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Bush pitching for Brewers. Ryan grounded out to shortstop. Eckstein reached on bunt single to third. Ankiel popped out to second. Pujols flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Fielder struck out swinging. Hart struck out swinging. Jenkins struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Bush pitching for Brewers. Ludwick grounded out to third. Taguchi singled to right. Taguchi caught stealing second, catcher to second. Miles safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Braun. Bennett homered to left, Miles scored. Wainwright struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Hall fouled out to third. Miller struck out swinging. Bush grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Bush pitching for Brewers. Ryan lined out to center. Eckstein flied out to center. Ankiel grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Weeks safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Ryan. Hardy singled to left, Weeks to third. Braun singled to right, Weeks scored, Hardy to second. Fielder singled to left, Hardy to third, Braun to second. Hart grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hardy scored, Fielder out at second, Braun to third. Jenkins walked, Hart to second. Hall hit sacrifice fly to left, Braun scored. Miller doubled to deep right, Hart and Jenkins scored. Bush grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 6th. Bush pitching for Brewers. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. Ludwick walked. Taguchi struck out swinging. Miles grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Barden at shortstop. Cavazos pitching for Cardinals. Weeks walked. Hardy fouled out to second. Braun homered to center, Weeks scored. Fielder struck out looking. Hart safe at second on error by third baseman Ryan. Jenkins singled to center, Hart scored. Jenkins to second on wild pitch by Cavazos. Hall walked. Miller struck out looking. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 7th. Rivera catching. Bush pitching for Brewers. Bennett grounded out to shortstop. Branyan hit for Cavazos. Branyan struck out swinging. Ryan hit by pitch. Barden singled to right, Ryan to second. Ankiel singled to right, Ryan scored, Barden to third. Pujols walked, Ankiel to second. An Reyes ran for Pujols. Ludwick singled to left, Barden and Ankiel scored, An Reyes to second. McClung pitching for Brewers. Nix in center field. Taguchi grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ludwick out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Schumaker in center field. Maroth pitching for Cardinals. Branyan at first base. Nix struck out swinging. Weeks singled to right. Hardy grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Weeks out at second. Braun grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hardy out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. McClung pitching for Brewers. Miles singled to right. Bennett grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Miles out at second. Branyan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Jimenez pitching for Cardinals. Fielder doubled to deep right center. Hart hit by pitch. Jenkins walked, Fielder to third, Hart to second. Dillon hit for McClung. Dillon grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Fielder scored, Jenkins out at second, Hart to third. Rivera grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Aquino pitching for Brewers. Ryan grounded out to shortstop. Barden struck out swinging. Schumaker popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 5 - Brewers 13.	Brewers gain ground after jumping all over Cards