Rockies - Top 1st . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Sullivan singled to center . Barmes sacrificed to pitcher , Sullivan to second , Barmes safe at first on error by pitcher Batista . Helton walked , Sullivan to third , Barmes to second . Atkins grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Sullivan scored , Helton out at second , Barmes to third . Barmes scored on Batista 's wild pitch . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Francis pitching for Rockies . Byrnes popped out to first . Tracy grounded out to shortstop . Jackson homered to left . Gonzalez flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Hawpe struck out swinging . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Ardoin singled to left center , Ardoin out stretching at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Francis pitching for Rockies . Easley grounded out to third . Green hit by pitch . Hudson flied out to right . Snyder homered to left , Green scored . Batista struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Francis grounded out to second . Sullivan struck out swinging . Barmes struck out swinging , Barmes safe at first on wild pitch by Batista . Helton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Barmes out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Francis pitching for Rockies . Byrnes struck out swinging . Tracy singled to center . Jackson lined out to center . Gonzalez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Atkins reached on infield single to shortstop . Holliday singled to left , Atkins to second . Hawpe flied out to right . Gonzalez grounded out to third , Atkins to third , Holliday to second . Ardoin intentionally walked . Francis singled to left , Atkins scored , Ardoin thrown out at third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Easley walked . Green grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Easley out at second . Green stole second . Hudson grounded out to shortstop , Green to third . Snyder intentionally walked . Batista struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Sullivan singled to right . Barmes reached on infield single to second , Sullivan to third . Helton struck out swinging . Atkins grounded into double play , third to second to first , Barmes out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Byrnes flied out to center . Tracy singled to right . Jackson struck out looking . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . Hawpe homered to right . Gonzalez singled to left . Ardoin grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gonzalez out at second . Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks . Francis walked , Ardoin to second . Sullivan struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Easley struck out looking . Green struck out swinging . Cortes pitching for Rockies . Hudson tripled to deep right . Snyder lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks . Barmes flied out to center . Helton grounded out to second . King pitching for Rockies . Green hit for Aquino . Atkins struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . King pitching for Rockies . Green grounded out to pitcher . Byrnes singled to left . Tracy singled to right , Byrnes to third . Jackson grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Byrnes scored , Tracy safe at third on error by catcher Ardoin . Gonzalez doubled to deep right , Tracy scored , Jackson thrown out at home , Gonzalez to third advancing on throw . Easley walked . Vizcaino pitching for Diamondbacks . Green grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 8th . Vizcaino pitching for Diamondbacks . Holliday grounded out to pitcher . Hawpe struck out swinging . Martin pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Martin pitching for Rockies . Hudson flied out to right . DaVanon hit for Vizcaino . Snyder grounded out to third . Clark at first base . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Smith hit for Ardoin . DaVanon grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Marrero hit for Martin . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Smith struck out swinging . Marrero struck out swinging . Sullivan flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 4 - Diamondbacks 5 .	Gonzalez nears 500 doubles , seals D - Backs win