Giants - Top 1st . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Winn singled to left . Vizquel singled to right , Winn to second . Sweeney doubled to left , Winn scored , Vizquel to third . Bonds lined out to first . Alou hit sacrifice fly to center , Vizquel scored . Durham struck out swinging , Durham safe at first on passed ball by Snyder , Sweeney to third on passed ball . Feliz grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Fassero pitching for Giants . Counsell singled to center . Byrnes out on batter 's interference to catcher . Byrnes batting . Counsell caught stealing second , pitcher to first . Tracy singled to center . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Matheny flied out to right . Fassero reached on infield single to first . Winn doubled to right center , Fassero scored , Winn scored on error by right fielder Green . Vizquel singled to right . Sweeney grounded out to second , Vizquel to second . Bonds intentionally walked . Alou lined out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Fassero pitching for Giants . Jackson grounded out to third . Green grounded out to first . Hudson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Durham flied out to right . Feliz reached on infield single to shortstop . Matheny singled to center , Feliz to second . Fassero sacrificed to third , Feliz to third , Matheny to second , Fassero safe at first on error by pitcher Batista . Feliz to third on error by pitcher Batista . Winn tripled to deep right , Feliz , Matheny and Fassero scored . Vizquel struck out swinging . Sweeney struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Fassero pitching for Giants . Snyder grounded out to second . Batista grounded out to pitcher . Counsell walked . Byrnes lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Bonds singled to deep right . Alou struck out swinging . Bonds to second on wild pitch by Batista . Durham walked . Bonds to third , Durham to second on wild pitch by Batista . Feliz struck out swinging . Matheny flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Fassero pitching for Giants . Tracy singled to center . Gonzalez flied out to center . Jackson singled to center , Tracy to second . Green grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jackson out at second , Tracy to third . Hudson reached on infield single to shortstop , Tracy scored , Green to second . Snyder struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Fassero struck out looking . Winn singled to left . Green hit for Batista . Vizquel grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Winn out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Fassero pitching for Giants . Green homered to left . Counsell walked . Taschner pitching for Giants . Byrnes homered to left , Counsell scored . Tracy flied out to center . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Jackson singled to right . Green singled to center , Jackson to third . Hudson doubled to left , Jackson scored , Green to third . Daigle pitching for Diamondbacks . Green at second base . Snyder struck out looking . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Daigle pitching for Diamondbacks . Sweeney struck out swinging . Bonds struck out swinging . Walker pitching for Giants . Alou grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Walker pitching for Giants . Green walked . Counsell struck out looking , Green stole second . Green to third on wild pitch by Walker . Byrnes walked . Tracy singled to right , Green scored , Byrnes to second . Winn in right field . Correia pitching for Giants . Finley in center field . Gonzalez homered to right , Byrnes and Tracy scored . Jackson struck out swinging . Clark hit for Daigle . Green singled to right . Clark singled to center , Green to second . Vizcaino pitching for Diamondbacks . Clark at first base . Snyder struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Vizcaino pitching for Diamondbacks . Durham struck out swinging . Feliz flied out to left . Matheny grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Correia pitching for Giants . Green grounded out to third . Counsell grounded out to third . Byrnes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Vizcaino pitching for Diamondbacks . Finley flied out to left . Winn flied out to center . Vizquel walked . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . DaVanon in center field . Sweeney homered to right , Vizquel scored . Greene hit for Correia . Ellison ran for Bonds . Bonds intentionally walked . Ellison to second on passed ball by Snyder . Ellison in left field . Kline pitching for Giants . Greene struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Kline pitching for Giants . Tracy struck out swinging . Gonzalez flied out to right . DaVanon singled to left . Green grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Durham walked . Feliz sacrificed to pitcher , Durham to second . Matheny reached on bunt single to catcher , Durham to third . Finley hit sacrifice fly to center , Durham scored . Vizcaino at second base . Worrell pitching for Giants . Winn grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Estrada hit for Snyder . Worrell pitching for Giants . Clark grounded out to third . Estrada struck out swinging . Green fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 10 - Diamondbacks 9 .	Giants blow seven - run lead , but recover to top D - Backs