Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Counsell flied out to right . Easley struck out swinging . Tracy safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Rolen . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Eckstein grounded out to second . Rodriguez flied out to center . Pujols fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Jackson grounded out to second . Green struck out looking . Estrada grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Edmonds struck out looking . Rolen popped out to second . Spiezio struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . DaVanon lined out to first . Batista struck out swinging . Counsell singled to left . Easley lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Molina flied out to center . Miles flied out to right . Carpenter grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Tracy struck out swinging . Gonzalez singled to right . Jackson popped out to second . Green walked , Gonzalez to second . Estrada flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Eckstein flied out to left . Rodriguez walked . Pujols walked , Rodriguez to second . Edmonds walked , Rodriguez to third , Pujols to second . Rolen grounded into double play , third to second to first , Edmonds out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . DaVanon doubled to left . Batista safe at first on error by first baseman Pujols , DaVanon to third . Counsell grounded into fielder 's choice to second , DaVanon scored , Batista out at second . Counsell caught stealing second , catcher to second . Easley lined out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Spiezio walked . Molina grounded into double play , third to second to first , Spiezio out at second . Miles reached on infield single to second . Carpenter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Tracy flied out to right . Gonzalez singled to left . Jackson safe at first on error by shortstop Eckstein , Gonzalez to second . Green grounded out to first , Gonzalez to third , Jackson to second . Estrada singled to right , Gonzalez and Jackson scored . DaVanon grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Estrada out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Eckstein grounded out to second . Rodriguez reached on infield single to first . Pujols popped out to first . Edmonds singled to right , Rodriguez to third . Rolen grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rodriguez scored , Edmonds safe at second on error by shortstop Counsell . Spiezio walked , Edmonds to third , Rolen to second . Vizcaino pitching for Diamondbacks . Byrnes in center field . Molina singled to left , Edmonds and Rolen scored , Spiezio to second . Taguchi hit for Carpenter . Miles hit by pitch , Spiezio to third , Molina to second . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Taguchi in left field . Taguchi struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Byrnes singled to left . Counsell singled to center , Byrnes to second . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Easley sacrificed to third , Byrnes to third , Counsell to second . Tracy hit ground rule double to deep center , Byrnes and Counsell scored . Gonzalez singled to center , Tracy to third . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Jackson flied out to center . Green singled to center , Tracy scored , Gonzalez to second . Estrada singled to left , Gonzalez scored , Green to second . Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks . Clark at first base . Clark struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks . Eckstein singled to center . Rodriguez singled to right , Eckstein to third . Pujols hit sacrifice fly to right , Eckstein scored . Edmonds singled to right , Rodriguez to second . Bigbie hit for Looper . Rolen grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rodriguez scored on throwing error by third baseman Tracy , Edmonds safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Tracy . Bigbie safe at first on error by second baseman Easley , Edmonds scored , Rolen to third . Hancock pitching for Cardinals . Molina grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bigbie out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Hancock pitching for Cardinals . Byrnes struck out looking . Counsell flied out to right . Easley struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks . Miles grounded out to pitcher . Taguchi grounded out to second . Eckstein popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Hancock pitching for Cardinals . Tracy flied out to center . Hudson hit for Lyon . Gonzalez hit ground rule double to right . Hudson flied out to right . Johnson pitching for Cardinals . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Hudson at second base . Green struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Rodriguez fouled out to third . Pujols flied out to right . Edmonds singled to right center . Rolen popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 7 - Cardinals 6 .	Gonzalez 's double passes Ruth ; D - Backs beat Cards