Pirates - Top 1st . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . McLouth flied out to left . Wilson singled to center . Sanchez flied out to center . Bay grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Duke pitching for Pirates . Counsell lined out to first . Byrnes homered to left . Tracy grounded out to second . Jackson struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Wilson homered to left center . Bautista grounded out to second . Castillo grounded out to shortstop . Paulino grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Duke pitching for Pirates . Green singled to right . Green grounded out to shortstop , Green to second . Hudson singled to right , Green to third . Green scored , Hudson to second on wild pitch by Duke . Snyder singled to center , Hudson scored . Batista grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Snyder out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Duke walked . McLouth flied out to center . Wilson grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Duke out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Duke pitching for Pirates . Counsell grounded out to first . Byrnes struck out swinging . Tracy singled to right . Jackson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Tracy safe at second on error by second baseman Castillo . Green reached on infield single to second , Tracy to third , Jackson to second , Tracy scored , Jackson to third on throwing error by second baseman Castillo . Green out on batter 's interference to catcher . Green batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Sanchez flied out to right . Bay flied out to center . Wilson singled to left . Bautista grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Duke pitching for Pirates . Hudson singled to center . Hudson caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop to first to second . Snyder grounded out to catcher . Batista grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Castillo flied out to left . Paulino singled to center . Duke grounded out to third , Paulino to second . McLouth walked . Wilson singled to center , Paulino scored , McLouth to third . Sanchez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wilson out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Duke pitching for Pirates . Counsell grounded out to second . Byrnes flied out to left . Tracy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Bay singled to center . Wilson singled to left , Bay to second . Bautista grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Wilson out at second , Bay to third . Castillo safe at first on error by third baseman Tracy , Bay scored . Paulino struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Duke pitching for Pirates . Jackson flied out to right . Green hit by pitch . Green singled to left , Green to second . Hudson singled to center , Green scored , Green to second . DaVanon hit for Batista . Snyder struck out looking . Vizcaino pitching for Diamondbacks . Edwards hit for Duke . DaVanon struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Vizcaino pitching for Diamondbacks . Edwards struck out looking . McLouth lined out to second . Torres pitching for Pirates . Wilson grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Torres pitching for Pirates . Counsell grounded out to second . Byrnes reached on infield single to shortstop . Tracy singled to center , Byrnes to second . Jackson struck out swinging , Byrnes stole third , Tracy stole second . Green intentionally walked . Green doubled to deep left , Byrnes , Tracy and Green scored . Hudson singled to center , Green to third . Grimsley pitching for Diamondbacks . Snyder struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Grimsley pitching for Diamondbacks . Sanchez singled to center . Bay homered to right , Sanchez scored . Wilson singled to left . Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks . Bautista fouled out to right . Castillo popped out to shortstop . Vogelsong pitching for Pirates . Easley hit for Lyon . Paulino grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Vogelsong pitching for Pirates . Easley popped out to second . Counsell popped out to third . Byrnes walked . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Doumit hit for Vogelsong . Tracy grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Byrnes out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Doumit doubled to deep right . McLouth walked . Wilson struck out swinging . Sanchez singled to left center , Doumit scored , McLouth to third . Bay hit sacrifice fly to left , McLouth scored . Wilson flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 7 - Diamondbacks 8 .	Hudson 's four hits help D - Backs complete sweep of Bucs