Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Soler pitching for Mets . Counsell singled to center . Counsell stole second . Byrnes walked . Tracy flied out to center , Counsell to third , Byrnes to second . Gonzalez hit sacrifice fly to center , Counsell scored , Byrnes to third . Byrnes scored on Soler 's wild pitch . Jackson walked . Green popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 1st . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Reyes reached on bunt single to pitcher . Lo Duca flied out to right . Reyes stole second . Beltran walked . Delgado grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Beltran out at second , Reyes to third . Wright flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Soler pitching for Mets . Estrada grounded out to second . Hudson safe at first on error by second baseman Valentin . Batista struck out bunting foul . Counsell grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Bottom 2nd . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Floyd singled to right . Valentin singled to right center , Floyd to second . Milledge lined out to shortstop . Soler reached on bunt single to pitcher , Floyd to third , Valentin to second , Floyd scored , Valentin to third on throwing error by third baseman Tracy . Reyes grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Soler out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Soler pitching for Mets . Byrnes grounded out to second . Tracy singled to center . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Tracy out at second . Gonzalez stole second , Gonzalez safe at third on throwing error by catcher Lo Duca . Jackson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mets - Bottom 3rd . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Lo Duca grounded out to third . Beltran doubled to right . Delgado grounded out to second , Beltran to third . Wright struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Soler pitching for Mets . Green flied out to center . Estrada singled to right . Hudson tripled to deep center , Estrada scored . Batista grounded out to first . Counsell flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 4th . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Floyd doubled to deep right . Valentin popped out to third . Milledge grounded out to third . Soler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Soler pitching for Mets . Byrnes homered to left . Tracy singled to right center . Gonzalez walked , Tracy to second . Jackson homered to left , Tracy and Gonzalez scored . Green singled to left , Green out stretching at second . Estrada lined out to shortstop . Hudson grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 5th . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Reyes grounded out to third . Lo Duca grounded out to third . Oliver pitching for Mets . Beltran grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Oliver pitching for Mets . Batista grounded out to first . Counsell grounded out to first . Byrnes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 6th . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Delgado doubled to left . Wright flied out to right . Floyd struck out looking . Valentin popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Oliver pitching for Mets . Tracy grounded out to second . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Jackson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 7th . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Milledge doubled to left . Oliver grounded out to shortstop , Milledge to third . Reyes lined out to shortstop . Lo Duca popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Oliver pitching for Mets . Green walked . Estrada singled to center , Green to second . Hudson walked , Green to third , Estrada to second . Batista struck out swinging . Counsell struck out looking . Byrnes grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hudson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 8th . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Beltran flied out to left . Delgado grounded out to shortstop . Wright fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Oliver pitching for Mets . Tracy popped out to second . Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher . Jackson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 9th . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Floyd flied out to center . Valentin homered to right center . Chavez hit for Oliver . Milledge grounded out to shortstop . Chavez reached on infield single to shortstop . Reyes grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Chavez out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 7 - Mets 2 .	D - backs ride Batista complete game past Soler , Mets