Mariners - Top 1st . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Suzuki walked . Beltre singled to left , Suzuki to second . Lopez tripled to deep right , Suzuki and Beltre scored . Ibanez singled to center , Lopez scored . Sexson struck out looking . Johjima homered to left , Ibanez scored . Reed struck out looking . Betancourt struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Counsell struck out swinging . Byrnes struck out swinging . Tracy doubled to deep left . Jackson walked . Gonzalez homered to right center , Tracy and Jackson scored . Estrada grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Washburn struck out swinging . Suzuki singled to left center . Suzuki stole second . Beltre grounded out to third . Lopez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Green homered to right . Hudson popped out to first . Webb singled to right center . Counsell grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Webb out at second . Byrnes popped out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Ibanez struck out swinging . Sexson grounded out to shortstop . Johjima walked . Reed singled to left , Johjima to second . Betancourt grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Reed out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Tracy lined out to second . Jackson singled to left center . Gonzalez lined out to center . Estrada flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Washburn grounded out to second . Suzuki flied out to right . Beltre grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Green struck out looking . Hudson grounded out to shortstop . Webb grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Lopez grounded out to third . Ibanez reached on infield single to second . Sexson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ibanez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Counsell grounded out to shortstop . Byrnes struck out swinging . Tracy struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Johjima flied out to center . Reed flied out to right . Betancourt grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Jackson flied out to center . Gonzalez popped out to shortstop . Petagine hit for Washburn . Estrada grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Petagine doubled to right . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Petagine scored , Suzuki to second on throwing error by second baseman Hudson . Beltre doubled to right , Suzuki scored . Lopez grounded out to pitcher . Ibanez grounded out to first , Beltre to third . Sherrill pitching for Mariners . Sexson grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Sherrill pitching for Mariners . Green reached on infield single to second . Easley hit for Webb . Hudson walked , Green to second . Green to third , Hudson to second on passed ball by Johjima . Easley struck out looking . Counsell struck out looking . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Byrnes doubled to left , Green and Hudson scored . Tracy doubled to deep right , Byrnes scored . Jackson hit by pitch . Guardado pitching for Mariners . Medders pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Medders pitching for Diamondbacks . Johjima grounded out to pitcher . Reed grounded out to second . Everett hit for Guardado . Betancourt walked . Woods pitching for Mariners . Everett flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Woods pitching for Mariners . Estrada flied out to right . Green doubled to deep center . DaVanon hit for Medders . Hudson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Green out at third . Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks . DaVanon grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hudson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks . Suzuki flied out to right . Beltre doubled to deep right center . Lopez flied out to center . Ibanez intentionally walked . Sexson doubled to left , Beltre scored , Ibanez to third . Johjima homered to left , Ibanez and Sexson scored . Reed grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Woods pitching for Mariners . Counsell flied out to center . Byrnes doubled to deep left . Tracy grounded out to second , Byrnes to third . Putz pitching for Mariners . Jackson walked . Gonzalez lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 11 - Diamondbacks 7 .	Johjima knocks in five runs as M 's outslug D - backs