Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Counsell grounded out to second . Byrnes grounded out to third . Tracy fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks . Kotsay grounded out to shortstop . Swisher lined out to second . Crosby grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Jackson walked . Gonzalez lined out to right . Estrada flied out to right . Green grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Jackson out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks . Thomas struck out swinging . Johnson grounded out to first . Payton singled to left . Ellis walked , Payton to second . Melhuse struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Hudson grounded out to second . DaVanon grounded out to pitcher . Counsell hit ground rule double to deep right . Byrnes walked . Tracy singled to center , Counsell scored , Byrnes to third . Jackson grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks . Perez doubled to deep center . Kotsay popped out to third . Swisher walked . Crosby lined out to right , Perez to third . Thomas popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Gonzalez doubled to deep center . Estrada singled to center , Gonzalez to third . Green singled to right , Gonzalez scored , Estrada to second . Hudson singled to right , Estrada to third , Green to second . DaVanon hit sacrifice fly to left , Estrada scored , Green to third , Hudson to second . Counsell popped out to shortstop . Byrnes lined out to right . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks . Johnson grounded out to second . Payton lined out to center . Ellis singled to left . Melhuse struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Tracy singled to center . Jackson grounded into double play , third to second to first , Tracy out at second . Gonzalez walked . Estrada grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gonzalez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks . Perez struck out swinging . Kotsay flied out to center . Swisher grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Green doubled to deep left . Hudson grounded out to second , Green to third . Halsey pitching for Athletics . DaVanon grounded out to second . Counsell flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks . Crosby singled to left . Thomas walked , Crosby to second . Johnson struck out swinging . Payton hit by pitch , Crosby to third , Thomas to second . Ellis doubled to deep left center , Crosby and Thomas scored , Payton to third . Melhuse singled to right , Payton scored , Ellis to third . Perez fouled out to third . Kotsay popped out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Halsey pitching for Athletics . Byrnes reached on infield single to pitcher . Tracy struck out looking . Jackson walked , Byrnes to second . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop , Byrnes to third , Jackson to second . Byrnes scored , Jackson to third on wild pitch by Halsey . Estrada singled to left , Jackson scored . Green doubled to deep center , Estrada scored . Easley hit for DaVanon . Hudson intentionally walked . Medders pitching for Diamondbacks . Easley struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Medders pitching for Diamondbacks . Swisher flied out to left . Crosby struck out swinging . Thomas flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Sauerbeck pitching for Athletics . Counsell grounded out to second . Byrnes popped out to second . Tracy flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Medders pitching for Diamondbacks . Johnson grounded out to second . Payton singled to left center . Ellis flied out to left . Melhuse doubled to deep right , Payton scored . Calero pitching for Athletics . Perez popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Calero pitching for Athletics . Jackson struck out swinging . Gonzalez grounded out to first . Estrada singled to center . Clark at first base . Julio pitching for Diamondbacks . Green struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Julio pitching for Diamondbacks . Kotsay grounded out to shortstop . Swisher grounded out to second . Crosby grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 6 - Athletics 4 .	Green knocks in a pair as D - backs end June swoon