Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Jennings pitching for Rockies . DaVanon struck out swinging . Byrnes grounded out to third . Green grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Carroll grounded out to pitcher . Quintanilla struck out swinging . Helton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Jackson flied out to center . Tracy popped out to third . Estrada singled to right . Hudson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Holliday grounded out to first . Atkins struck out swinging . Hawpe struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Counsell singled to center . Webb grounded into double play , third to second to first , Counsell out at second . DaVanon walked . Byrnes flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Torrealba grounded out to second . Freeman grounded out to shortstop . Jennings grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Green flied out to right . Jackson singled to center . Tracy lined into double play , pitcher to first , Jackson out at first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Carroll doubled to deep right center . Quintanilla sacrificed to first , Carroll to third . Helton flied out to center , Carroll thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Estrada flied out to right . Hudson struck out swinging . Counsell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Holliday popped out to second . Atkins singled to center . Hawpe grounded out to second , Atkins to second . Torrealba safe at first on error by shortstop Counsell , Atkins scored . Torrealba caught stealing second , catcher to second . Freeman batting . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Webb struck out swinging . DaVanon struck out swinging . Byrnes grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Freeman struck out swinging . Jennings singled to center . Carroll flied out to left . Quintanilla lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Green fouled out to third . Jackson singled to left . Tracy singled to right , Jackson to second . Estrada grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Tracy out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Helton grounded out to second . Holliday walked . Holliday caught stealing second , catcher to second . Atkins struck out swinging , Atkins safe at first on wild pitch by Webb . Hawpe grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Hudson struck out swinging . Gonzalez hit for Webb . Counsell homered to right . Gonzalez grounded out to first . Vizcaino pitching for Diamondbacks . DaVanon struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Sullivan hit for Freeman . Vizcaino pitching for Diamondbacks . Torrealba flied out to center . Piedra hit for Jennings . Sullivan struck out swinging . Sullivan in center field . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Piedra grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Byrnes reached on infield single to shortstop . Green reached on infield single to shortstop , Byrnes to second . Jackson singled to center , Byrnes to third , Green to second . Tracy homered to right , Byrnes , Green and Jackson scored . Estrada struck out swinging . Hudson doubled to deep right center . Green hit for Vizcaino . Counsell singled to left . Ramirez pitching for Rockies . Green walked , Hudson to third , Counsell to second . King pitching for Rockies . DaVanon hit sacrifice fly to center , Hudson scored . Byrnes singled to left , Counsell scored , Green to second . Cortes pitching for Rockies . Green singled to center , Green scored , Byrnes to third . Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks . Jackson lined out to left . 7 Runs , 8 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks . Carroll walked . Quintanilla doubled to left , Carroll to third . Helton struck out swinging . Holliday struck out swinging . Atkins hit by pitch . Hawpe reached on infield single to shortstop , Carroll scored , Quintanilla to third , Atkins to second . Julio pitching for Diamondbacks . Torrealba doubled to deep center , Quintanilla , Atkins and Hawpe scored . Gonzalez hit for Cortes . Sullivan safe at third on error by left fielder DaVanon , Torrealba scored . Gonzalez walked . Sullivan scored , Gonzalez to second on wild pitch by Julio . Carroll walked . Quintanilla struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Diamondbacks 8 - Rockies 7 .	Diamondbacks take ninth inning 7 - 6 to beat Rockies 8 - 7