Giants - Top 1st . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Winn singled to left . Vizquel reached on infield single to third , Winn to second . Finley flied out to center . Alou grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Vizquel out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Morris pitching for Giants . Byrnes singled to center . Hudson singled to left , Byrnes to second . Gonzalez grounded out to first , Byrnes to third , Hudson to second . Tracy singled to right , Byrnes scored , Hudson to third . Estrada popped out to shortstop . Green grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Durham singled to center . Feliz grounded into double play , third to second to first , Durham out at second . Hillenbrand doubled to deep left . Alfonzo doubled to left , Hillenbrand scored . Morris flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Morris pitching for Giants . Quentin grounded out to third . Drew grounded out to pitcher . Batista grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Winn singled to center . Vizquel singled to right , Winn to second . Finley bunt popped out foul to catcher . Alou flied out to center . Durham fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Morris pitching for Giants . Byrnes grounded out to third . Hudson lined out to second . Gonzalez walked . Tracy singled to center , Gonzalez to second . Estrada lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Feliz singled to center . Hillenbrand singled to left , Feliz to second . Alfonzo grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hillenbrand out at second . Morris struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Morris pitching for Giants . Green flied out to right . Quentin grounded out to third . Drew struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Winn lined out to right . Vizquel walked . Finley singled to right , Vizquel to second . Alou grounded into double play , third to second to first , Finley out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Morris pitching for Giants . Batista doubled to right . Byrnes sacrificed to third , Batista to third . Hudson grounded out to second . Gonzalez homered to center , Batista scored . Tracy doubled to deep center . Estrada flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Durham doubled to deep center . Feliz flied out to center . Hillenbrand singled to right , Durham scored , Hillenbrand to second advancing on throw . Sweeney hit for Morris . Alfonzo flied out to right . Hennessey pitching for Giants . Sweeney grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Hennessey pitching for Giants . Green flied out to left . Quentin doubled to deep left . Quentin to third on wild pitch by Hennessey . Pena pitching for Diamondbacks . Drew lined into double play , second to third , Quentin doubled off third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Pena pitching for Diamondbacks . Winn flied out to left . Vizquel flied out to right . Callaspo hit for Pena . Finley grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Hennessey pitching for Giants . Callaspo flied out to left . Byrnes hit ground rule double to deep center . Byrnes stole third . Kline pitching for Giants . Hudson doubled to deep left , Byrnes scored . Gonzalez struck out looking . Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks . Tracy lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks . Alou doubled to deep right center . Durham singled to center , Alou to third . Feliz hit sacrifice fly to center , Alou scored . Hillenbrand grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Durham out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Kline pitching for Giants . Estrada flied out to right . Green struck out swinging . Quentin walked . Easley hit for Lyon . Benitez pitching for Giants . Drew tripled to deep right , Quentin scored . Julio pitching for Diamondbacks . Easley flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Bonds hit for Benitez . Vizcaino ran for Alfonzo . Julio pitching for Diamondbacks . Alfonzo singled to center . Vizcaino to second on wild pitch by Julio . Bonds struck out swinging . Winn grounded out to first , Vizcaino to third . Vizquel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 3 - Diamondbacks 5 .	Seeing double : D - backs turn team record 5 DPs in win