Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Lowry pitching for Giants . Byrnes flied out to center . Hudson grounded out to pitcher . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Winn flied out to left . Vizquel struck out looking . Sweeney singled to right . Bonds flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Lowry pitching for Giants . Jackson lined out to second . Quentin struck out swinging . Tracy grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Durham popped out to second . Finley lined out to first . Hillenbrand flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Lowry pitching for Giants . Easley struck out looking . Snyder grounded out to third . Hernandez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Greene flied out to center . Lowry grounded out to first . Winn struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Lowry pitching for Giants . Byrnes popped out to second . Hudson singled to center . Gonzalez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hudson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Vizquel flied out to center . Sweeney struck out swinging . Bonds homered to right . Durham doubled to deep left center . Finley grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Lowry pitching for Giants . Jackson popped out to second . Quentin popped out to second . Tracy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Hillenbrand grounded out to third . Greene singled to center . Lowry struck out bunting foul . Winn reached on infield single to first , Greene to second . Vizquel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Lowry pitching for Giants . Easley lined out to third . Snyder flied out to right . Hernandez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Sweeney struck out looking . Bonds walked . Durham lined out to center . Finley grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Lowry pitching for Giants . Byrnes fouled out to third . Hudson singled to right . Gonzalez walked , Hudson to second . Jackson fouled out to catcher . Quentin hit by pitch , Hudson to third , Gonzalez to second . Tracy lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Hillenbrand fouled out to first . Greene singled to center . Lowry sacrificed to pitcher , Greene to second , Lowry safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Hernandez . Greene to third on throwing error by pitcher Hernandez . Winn grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Greene scored , Lowry out at second , Winn to second on throwing error by second baseman Hudson . Vizquel singled to center , Winn scored . Sweeney singled to right , Vizquel to third . Bonds intentionally walked , Sweeney to second . Feliz at third base . Hillenbrand at first base . Durham struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Lowry pitching for Giants . Easley flied out to right . Callaspo hit for Hernandez . Snyder struck out looking . Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks . Callaspo grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks . Finley singled to right center . Hillenbrand flied out to center . Greene singled to left , Finley to second . Lowry sacrificed to pitcher , Finley to third , Greene to second . Winn reached on infield single to third , Finley scored , Greene scored , Winn to second on throwing error by third baseman Tracy . Linden in left field . Vizquel grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Lowry pitching for Giants . Byrnes popped out to second . Hudson grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 0 - Giants 5 .	Bonds hits Cove again as Giants pound Diamondbacks