White Sox - Top 1st . Shoemaker pitching for Angels . García struck out swinging . Sánchez struck out swinging . Cabrera doubled to left center . Abreu homered to center ( 422 feet ) , Cabrera scored . García singled to right . Frazier singled to left , García to second . Anderson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Gonzalez pitching for White Sox . Maybin singled to left center . Trout grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Maybin out at second . Pujols walked . Valbuena struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Shoemaker pitching for Angels . Davidson singled to left . Smith struck out swinging . García walked , Davidson to second . Sánchez singled to shallow left , Davidson scored , García to second . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Sánchez out at second , García to third , García scored on throwing error by shortstop Simmons . Abreu lined out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for White Sox . Simmons walked . Revere tripled to center , Simmons scored . Cron flied out to left . Espinosa walked . Maldonado grounded out to catcher , Revere scored , Espinosa to second . Maybin walked . Trout walked , Espinosa to third , Maybin to second . Pujols singled to right , Espinosa and Maybin scored , Trout to third . Valbuena grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Shoemaker pitching for Angels . García lined out to center . Frazier struck out swinging . Anderson tripled to deep right . Davidson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for White Sox . Simmons popped out to second . Revere flied out to center . Cron flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Shoemaker pitching for Angels . Smith lined out to center . García flied out to right . Sánchez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Gonzalez pitching for White Sox . Espinosa lined out to first . Maldonado popped out to second . Maybin reached on infield single to second . Trout flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Shoemaker pitching for Angels . Cabrera singled to right center . Abreu grounded into double play , third to second to first , Cabrera out at second . García struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Gonzalez pitching for White Sox . Pujols singled to deep center , Pujols out stretching at second . Valbuena grounded out to first . Simmons grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Shoemaker pitching for Angels . Frazier singled to left . Anderson struck out swinging . Frazier caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Davidson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Gonzalez pitching for White Sox . Revere struck out looking . Cron flied out to center . Espinosa doubled to deep left center . Swarzak pitching for White Sox . Maldonado singled to left , Espinosa scored . Maybin reached on infield single to third , Maldonado to second . Trout homered to left center ( 415 feet ) , Maldonado and Maybin scored . Ynoa pitching for White Sox . Pujols walked . Marte ran for Pujols . Valbuena grounded out to pitcher . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Shoemaker pitching for Angels . Smith lined out to second . Álvarez pitching for Angels . García lined out to second . Sánchez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Ynoa pitching for White Sox . Simmons safe at first on error by shortstop Anderson . Revere doubled to right , Simmons to third . Cron singled to left , Simmons scored , Revere to third . Espinosa singled to right , Revere scored , Cron to third , Espinosa to second on throwing error by right fielder García . Maldonado singled to right , Cron scored , Espinosa to third . Holmberg pitching for White Sox . Maybin grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Espinosa scored , Maldonado out at second . Trout struck out looking . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Pennington at shortstop . García hit for Cabrera . Alvarez pitching for Angels . García walked . Abreu singled to left , García to second . García singled to shallow left , García scored , Abreu to second . Frazier struck out swinging . Anderson singled to shallow left , Abreu scored , García to second . Guerra pitching for Angels . Davidson flied out to center , García to third , Anderson to second . Smith reached on infield single to second , García scored , Anderson to third . García struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . García in left field . Holmberg pitching for White Sox . Marte struck out looking . Valbuena flied out to left . Pennington grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Middleton pitching for Angels . Sánchez singled to left . García struck out swinging . Abreu struck out swinging . García doubled to left , Sánchez scored . Frazier struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 8 - Angels 12 .	Trout homers again as Angels beat White Sox , sweep series