White Sox - Top 1st . Gallardo pitching for Mariners . Sánchez walked . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Sánchez safe at second on error by second baseman Freeman . Abreu doubled to left , Sánchez scored , Cabrera to third . García homered to left center ( 362 feet ) , Cabrera and Abreu scored . Frazier singled to right center , Frazier out at second . Anderson lined out to right . Davidson struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Pelfrey pitching for White Sox . Segura grounded out to second . Gamel singled to center . Cruz grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gamel out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Gallardo pitching for Mariners . Narváez struck out swinging . García struck out looking . Sánchez lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Pelfrey pitching for White Sox . Seager singled to right . Motter grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Seager out at second . Heredia grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Motter out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Gallardo pitching for Mariners . Cabrera singled to right . Abreu grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cabrera out at second . García homered to right center ( 391 feet ) . Frazier struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Pelfrey pitching for White Sox . Freeman struck out looking . Ruiz struck out swinging . Dyson lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Gallardo pitching for Mariners . Anderson singled to center . Davidson walked , Anderson to second . Narváez singled to left center , Anderson to third , Davidson to second . García hit sacrifice fly to center , Anderson scored . Sánchez singled to left , Davidson to third , Narváez to second . Cabrera singled to left center , Davidson and Narváez scored , Sánchez to second . Abreu flied out to center , Sánchez to third . Overton pitching for Mariners . García doubled to center , Sánchez and Cabrera scored . Frazier grounded out to third . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Pelfrey pitching for White Sox . Segura grounded out to shortstop . Gamel lined out to left . Cruz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Overton pitching for Mariners . Anderson grounded out to pitcher . Davidson flied out to right . Narváez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Pelfrey pitching for White Sox . Seager flied out to center . Motter singled to right . Heredia lined out to center . Freeman flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Overton pitching for Mariners . García grounded out to shortstop . Sánchez grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Pelfrey pitching for White Sox . Ruiz doubled to right . Dyson grounded out to shortstop , Ruiz to third . Segura grounded out to shortstop , Ruiz scored . Gamel grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Heredia in center field . Powell in left field . Overton pitching for Mariners . Abreu singled to right . García doubled to left center , Abreu to third . Frazier singled to center , Abreu and García scored . Frazier to second on wild pitch by Overton . Anderson grounded out to shortstop . Davidson homered to left ( 375 feet ) , Frazier scored . Narváez lined out to shortstop . García homered to left center ( 392 feet ) . Sánchez singled to right . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Infante pitching for White Sox . Cruz popped out to second . Seager popped out to shortstop . Motter singled to left . Heredia flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Overton pitching for Mariners . Abreu flied out to center . García fouled out to first . Frazier flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Jennings pitching for White Sox . Freeman walked . Ruiz grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Freeman out at second . Powell walked . Powell to second on fielder 's indifference . Segura grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Gosewisch at first base . Motter at second base . Freeman pitching for Mariners . Anderson singled to right . Davidson singled to right , Anderson to second . Narváez singled to shallow center , Anderson to third , Davidson to second . García hit sacrifice fly to center , Anderson scored , Davidson to third . Sánchez lined out to left . Cabrera flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Beck pitching for White Sox . Gamel walked . Gosewisch grounded into double play , third to second to first , Gamel out at second . Seager popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 16 - Mariners 1 .	Garcia 's 2 HRs , 6 RBIs lead Chicago 's 16 - 1 rout of Seattle