White Sox - Top 1st . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Sánchez struck out swinging . Cabrera struck out looking . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Gonzalez pitching for White Sox . Blanco reached on infield single to second . Peralta grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Blanco out at second . Goldschmidt lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . García grounded out to shortstop . Frazier grounded out to third . García struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for White Sox . Lamb safe at first on error by first baseman Abreu . Owings flied out to center . Descalso grounded out to shortstop , Lamb to second . Fuentes struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 3rd . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Anderson struck out swinging . Narváez singled to center . González bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Narváez out at second . Sánchez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for White Sox . Mathis struck out swinging . Greinke grounded out to second . Blanco flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Cabrera struck out swinging . Abreu struck out swinging . García lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Gonzalez pitching for White Sox . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . Goldschmidt singled to left center . Lamb flied out to center . Owings walked , Goldschmidt to second . Descalso homered to right center ( 407 feet ) , Goldschmidt and Owings scored . Fuentes lined out to center . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Frazier popped out to second . García homered to right ( 378 feet ) . Anderson struck out looking . Narváez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Gonzalez pitching for White Sox . Mathis struck out looking . Greinke grounded out to shortstop . Blanco singled to left . Peralta flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . González struck out swinging . Sánchez flied out to center . Cabrera lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Gonzalez pitching for White Sox . Goldschmidt homered to left ( 409 feet ) . Lamb tripled to deep center . Owings reached on infield single to first . Jennings pitching for White Sox . Descalso walked , Owings to second . Fuentes grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lamb scored , Owings to third , Descalso safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Anderson . Beck pitching for White Sox . Mathis grounded into double play , third to catcher to first , Owings out at home , Descalso to third , Fuentes to second .    Greinke grounds out shortstop to first . Greinke batting . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 7th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . García struck out swinging . Frazier walked . García grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Holmberg pitching for White Sox . Blanco flied out to center . Peralta grounded out to first . Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Anderson struck out swinging . Narváez singled to center . Davidson hit for Holmberg . Davidson grounded into double play , third to second to first , Narváez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Ynoa pitching for White Sox . Lamb walked . Owings fouled out to first . Descalso struck out swinging . Lamb caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Fuentes batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Sánchez struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to second . Abreu doubled to deep left . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . García grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 1 - Diamondbacks 5 .	Greinke whiffs 12 in 8 2/3 , Diamondbacks beat White Sox 5 - 1