Orioles - Top 1st . Gonzalez pitching for White Sox . Kim flied out to right . Jones singled to left . Machado lined out to center . Trumbo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Bundy pitching for Orioles . Sánchez lined out to center . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Abreu singled to right center . García reached on infield single to second , Abreu to third . Frazier walked , García to second . Anderson singled to left center , Abreu and García scored , Frazier to third . Narváez grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for White Sox . Mancini hit ground rule double to third . Schoop doubled to deep center , Mancini scored . Castillo flied out to right . Washington struck out swinging . Hardy lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Bundy pitching for Orioles . Davidson homered to center ( 412 feet ) . García struck out swinging . Sánchez hit by pitch . Cabrera singled to right , Sánchez to third , Sánchez scored , Cabrera to third on throwing error by second baseman Schoop . Abreu hit sacrifice fly to right , Cabrera scored . García reached on infield single to third , García to second on throwing error by third baseman Machado . Frazier popped out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for White Sox . Kim flied out to left . Jones grounded out to third . Machado lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Bundy pitching for Orioles . Anderson struck out looking . Narváez grounded out to second . Davidson walked . García flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Gonzalez pitching for White Sox . Trumbo reached on infield single to shortstop . Mancini walked , Trumbo to second . Schoop singled to left , Trumbo to third , Mancini to second . Castillo grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Trumbo scored on throwing error by third baseman Frazier , Mancini to third , Schoop to second . Washington struck out swinging . Hardy flied out to center . Kim singled to right , Mancini and Schoop scored , Castillo to second , Castillo thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Bundy pitching for Orioles . Sánchez flied out to center . Cabrera walked . Abreu popped out to second . García struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Gonzalez pitching for White Sox . Jones grounded out to second . Machado fouled out to first . Trumbo singled to left . Mancini singled to right , Trumbo to third . Schoop walked , Mancini to second . Castillo homered to center ( 440 feet ) , Trumbo , Mancini and Schoop scored . Washington lined out to center . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Bundy pitching for Orioles . Frazier popped out to first . Anderson struck out swinging . Narváez lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Minaya pitching for White Sox . Hardy doubled to deep left . Kim flied out to center , Hardy to third . Jones singled to right center , Hardy scored . Machado singled to left , Jones to second . Trumbo struck out swinging . Mancini singled to left , Jones scored , Machado to second . Schoop struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Wright pitching for Orioles . Davidson singled to center . García struck out swinging . Sánchez lined into double play , shortstop to first , Davidson doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Minaya pitching for White Sox . Castillo grounded out to shortstop . Washington struck out swinging . Hardy lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Wright Jr. pitching for Orioles . Cabrera lined out to center . Abreu popped out to second . García doubled to left . Frazier grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Jennings pitching for White Sox . Rickard hit for Kim . Rickard grounded out to second . Jones grounded out to shortstop . Machado lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Rickard in left field . Givens pitching for Orioles . Anderson lined out to left . Narváez grounded out to first . Davidson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Pelfrey pitching for White Sox . Trumbo fouled out to catcher . Mancini struck out swinging . Schoop fouled out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Hanson hit for García . Givens pitching for Orioles . Hanson homered to center ( 408 feet ) . Sánchez grounded out to second . Cabrera grounded out to first . Abreu singled to center . Brach pitching for Orioles . García lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 10 - White Sox 6 .	Castillo hits grand slam , Orioles beat White Sox 10 - 6