Yankees - Top 1st . Holmberg pitching for White Sox . Gardner flied out to right . Castro grounded out to shortstop . Judge walked . Sánchez walked , Judge to second . Austin grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Judge out at third , Sánchez to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Montgomery pitching for Yankees . Anderson safe at first on error by pitcher Montgomery . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Anderson out at second . Abreu reached on infield single to shortstop , Cabrera to second . García grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Abreu out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 2nd . Holmberg pitching for White Sox . Ellsbury popped out to shortstop . Headley grounded out to third . Romine struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Montgomery pitching for Yankees . Frazier homered to left ( 422 feet ) . Davidson flied out to center . Sánchez struck out swinging . Smith grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Holmberg pitching for White Sox . Torreyes singled to left , Torreyes out stretching at second . Gardner struck out swinging . Castro grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Refsnyder at second base . Montgomery pitching for Yankees . Engel grounded out to third . Anderson singled to left center . Cabrera singled to left , Anderson to second . Abreu flied out to left . García struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Holmberg pitching for White Sox . Judge walked . Sánchez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Judge safe at third on error by third baseman Frazier . Austin hit sacrifice fly to right , Judge scored . Ellsbury singled to center , Sánchez to second . Headley singled to left center , Sánchez scored , Ellsbury to second . Romine walked , Ellsbury to third , Headley to second . Torreyes hit sacrifice fly to center , Ellsbury scored , Headley out at third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Montgomery pitching for Yankees . Frazier struck out swinging . Davidson struck out swinging . Sánchez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Holmberg pitching for White Sox . Gardner lined out to center . Refsnyder flied out to right . Judge grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Montgomery pitching for Yankees . Smith grounded out to third . Engel struck out swinging . Anderson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Holmberg pitching for White Sox . Sánchez flied out to right . Austin homered to left ( 377 feet ) . Ellsbury safe at first on error by pitcher Holmberg . Headley doubled to deep right , Ellsbury to third . Minaya pitching for White Sox . Romine hit sacrifice fly to center , Ellsbury scored . Headley to third on passed ball by Smith . Torreyes safe at first on error by first baseman Davidson , Headley scored . Gardner walked , Torreyes to second . Refsnyder lined out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Montgomery pitching for Yankees . Cabrera grounded out to third . Abreu singled to left . García flied out to center . Frazier walked , Abreu to second . Davidson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Minaya pitching for White Sox . Judge popped out to third . Sánchez struck out looking . Austin lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Montgomery pitching for Yankees . Sánchez grounded out to shortstop . Smith struck out swinging . Engel grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Ynoa pitching for White Sox . Ellsbury lined out to shortstop . Headley singled to right . Headley to second on wild pitch by Ynoa . Romine walked . Torreyes lined out to left . Gardner struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Holder pitching for Yankees . Anderson struck out swinging . Cabrera singled to center . Abreu walked , Cabrera to second . García grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Abreu out at second , Cabrera to third . Betances pitching for Yankees . Frazier walked , García to second . Davidson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Ynoa pitching for White Sox . Refsnyder lined out to third . Judge walked . Sánchez hit by pitch , Judge to second . Austin struck out swinging . Ellsbury lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Shreve pitching for Yankees . Sánchez grounded out to second . Smith singled to right . Engel reached on infield single to shortstop , Smith to second . Anderson homered to right ( 389 feet ) , Smith and Engel scored . Chapman pitching for Yankees . Cabrera singled to center . Abreu doubled to deep right center , Cabrera scored . Hanson ran for Abreu . García grounded out to third . Frazier flied out to left . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 6 - White Sox 5 .	Montgomery , Austin lead Yankees past White Sox