Yankees - Top 1st . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Gardner walked . Judge struck out swinging . Gardner to second on wild pitch by Rodón . Sánchez lined out to center . Gardner to third on wild pitch by Rodón . Gregorius safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Anderson , Gardner scored . Headley walked , Gregorius to second . Romine walked , Gregorius to third , Headley to second . Andújar singled to center , Gregorius and Headley scored , Romine to second . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Sánchez grounded out to first . Cabrera reached on infield single to second . Abreu grounded out to third , Cabrera to second . García grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Torreyes grounded out to second . Gardner lined out to center . Judge grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Frazier grounded out to shortstop . Davidson singled to shallow left . Anderson grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Davidson out at second . Narváez reached on infield single to shortstop , Anderson to second . Anderson to third , Narváez to second on wild pitch by Tanaka . Engel walked . Sánchez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Sánchez lined out to left . Gregorius grounded out to second . Headley walked . Romine walked , Headley to second . Andújar singled to left , Headley thrown out at home , Romine to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Cabrera grounded out to first . Abreu struck out swinging , Abreu safe at first on wild pitch by Tanaka . García grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Abreu out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Wade lined out to center . Torreyes lined out to center . Gardner grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Frazier grounded out to second . Davidson struck out swinging . Anderson lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Judge walked . Sánchez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Judge out at second . Gregorius flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Narváez singled to left . Engel doubled to deep center , Narváez to third . Sánchez walked . Cabrera singled to left center , Narváez and Engel scored , Sánchez to second . Abreu grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cabrera out at second , Sánchez to third . García hit by pitch . Frazier grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , García out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Petricka pitching for White Sox . Headley grounded out to third . Romine doubled to right . Andújar grounded out to pitcher , Romine to third . Wade doubled to deep right , Romine scored . Torreyes doubled to right , Wade scored . Gardner singled to center , Torreyes scored . Judge homered to left ( 418 feet ) , Gardner scored . Sánchez struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Davidson struck out swinging . Anderson struck out looking . Narváez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Beck pitching for White Sox . Gregorius grounded out to second . Headley flied out to left . Romine lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Shreve pitching for Yankees . Engel safe at second on error by left fielder Wade . Sánchez singled to shallow right . Cabrera struck out swinging . Green pitching for Yankees . Abreu struck out swinging . García walked , Engel to third , Sánchez to second . Frazier struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 8th . Beck pitching for White Sox . Andújar walked . Wade struck out swinging , Andújar stole second . Torreyes fouled out to first . Gardner grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Green pitching for Yankees . Davidson struck out swinging . Anderson flied out to right . Narváez lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Hanson in right field . Ynoa pitching for White Sox . Judge walked . Sánchez struck out swinging . Gregorius homered to right ( 358 feet ) , Judge scored . Headley walked . Romine walked , Headley to second . Headley to third , Romine to second on wild pitch by Ynoa . Andújar doubled to deep center , Headley and Romine scored . Jennings pitching for White Sox . Wade grounded out to shortstop , Andújar to third . Torreyes grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Webb pitching for Yankees . Engel homered to left ( 352 feet ) . Sánchez struck out swinging . García hit for Cabrera . García grounded out to shortstop . Abreu struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 12 - White Sox 3 .	Andujar has 3 hits in debut , Yankees pound White Sox 12 - 3