Rangers - Top 1st . Quintana pitching for White Sox . DeShields struck out swinging . Choo grounded out to first . Andrus flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Ross pitching for Rangers . Hanson grounded out to first . Cabrera homered to center ( 399 feet ) . Abreu popped out to second . Frazier lined out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Beltré struck out swinging . Gómez reached on infield single to first . Napoli struck out looking . Gómez to second on balk by Quintana . Lucroy grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Ross pitching for Rangers . Davidson flied out to left . Sánchez fouled out to second . Anderson singled to right center . Smith hit by pitch , Anderson to second . Engel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Chirinos flied out to center . Kozma safe at first on error by first baseman Frazier . DeShields grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kozma safe at second on error by second baseman Sánchez . Choo reached on infield single to shortstop , Kozma to third , DeShields to second . Andrus grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Choo out at second , Kozma scores , DeShields to third . Beltré walked , Andrus to second . Gómez lined out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Ross pitching for Rangers . Hanson walked . Hanson stole second , Hanson safe at third on throwing error by catcher Chirinos . Cabrera walked . Abreu doubled to deep right , Hanson scored , Cabrera to third . Frazier singled to left , Cabrera scored , Abreu to third . Davidson hit sacrifice fly to right , Abreu scored . Sánchez walked , Frazier to second . Anderson grounded into double play , third to first , Frazier out at third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 4th . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Napoli homered to center ( 408 feet ) . Lucroy grounded out to second . Chirinos singled to shallow left . Kozma popped out to second . Chirinos stole second , Chirinos safe at third on throwing error by center fielder Engel , Chirinos scored on throwing error by catcher Smith . DeShields struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Ross pitching for Rangers . Smith struck out swinging . Engel struck out swinging . Hanson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Choo singled to right . Andrus singled to shallow left , Choo to second . Beltré walked , Choo to third , Andrus to second . Gómez struck out looking . Swarzak pitching for White Sox . Napoli struck out swinging . Lucroy singled to right , Choo and Andrus scored , Beltré to second . Chirinos struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Ross pitching for Rangers . Cabrera walked . Abreu grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cabrera out at second . Frazier walked . Davidson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Swarzak pitching for White Sox . Kozma popped out to second . DeShields struck out swinging . Choo lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Frieri pitching for Rangers . Sánchez grounded out to first . Anderson struck out swinging . Smith struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Kahnle pitching for White Sox . Andrus struck out looking . Beltré grounded out to third . Gómez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Bush pitching for Rangers . Engel walked . Engel caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Hanson struck out swinging . Cabrera struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Kahnle pitching for White Sox . Napoli flied out to center . Robertson pitching for White Sox . Lucroy flied out to right . Chirinos struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Leclerc pitching for Rangers . Abreu fouled out to catcher . Frazier walked . Davidson struck out swinging . Sánchez homered to right ( 415 feet ) , Frazier scored . Anderson fouled out to catcher . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Odor hit for Kozma . Robertson pitching for White Sox . Odor reached on infield single to third . Mazara hit for DeShields . Mazara grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Odor out at second . Choo lined out to third . Gallo ran for Mazara . Andrus doubled to left , Gallo to third . Beltré intentionally walked . Gómez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 5 - White Sox 6 .	Sanchez homers in 8th , White Sox beat Rangers 6 - 5