White Sox - Top 1st . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Hanson lined out to second . Cabrera struck out swinging . Abreu doubled to deep right . Abreu out at third on runner 's fielder 's choice . Frazier batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Holland pitching for White Sox . Blackmon walked . LeMahieu singled to left , Blackmon to second . Arenado singled to center , Blackmon scored , LeMahieu to second . Reynolds walked , LeMahieu to third , Arenado to second . Parra grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , LeMahieu scored on error by pitcher Holland , Arenado to third , Reynolds to second . Story singled to center , Arenado and Reynolds scored , Parra to second . Tapia grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Parra out at third , Story to second . Wolters grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Tapia out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Frazier doubled to deep center . Sánchez flied out to center , Frazier to third . Narváez grounded out to second , Frazier scored . Engel flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Holland pitching for White Sox . Márquez doubled to left . Blackmon flied out to center , Márquez to third . LeMahieu homered to center ( 433 feet ) , Márquez scored . Arenado lined out to left . Reynolds struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Anderson grounded out to second . Holland singled to left . Hanson grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Holland out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Holland pitching for White Sox . Parra popped out to shortstop . Story struck out swinging . Tapia doubled to deep right . Wolters grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop . Abreu grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cabrera out at second . Frazier struck out swinging . Sánchez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Holland pitching for White Sox . Márquez grounded out to second . Blackmon homered to right ( 398 feet ) . LeMahieu flied out to left . Arenado lined out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Narváez singled to shallow right . Engel struck out swinging . Anderson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Narváez out at second . Davidson hit for Holland . Davidson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Minaya pitching for White Sox . Reynolds struck out swinging . Parra doubled to deep left . Story struck out swinging . Holmberg pitching for White Sox . Tapia singled to right , Parra scored . Wolters grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Tapia out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Hanson grounded out to second . Cabrera grounded out to third . Abreu singled to right . Frazier struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Holmberg pitching for White Sox . Márquez singled to center . Blackmon singled to center , Márquez to second . Beck pitching for White Sox . LeMahieu grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Blackmon out at second , Márquez to third . Arenado homered to left ( 450 feet ) , Márquez scored . Reynolds struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Amarista at second base . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Sánchez grounded out to shortstop . Narváez flied out to left . Engel reached on infield single to pitcher , Engel to second on throwing error by pitcher Márquez . Anderson homered to center ( 451 feet ) , Engel scored . García hit for Beck . García singled to left . Hanson grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 7th . García in right field . Jennings pitching for White Sox . Parra singled to center . Story grounded into double play , second to first , Parra out at second . Tapia grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Cabrera flied out to left . Abreu reached on infield single to third . Frazier grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Abreu out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Jennings pitching for White Sox . Wolters struck out swinging . Valaika hit for Ottavino . Valaika struck out looking . Blackmon safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Anderson . Amarista singled to center , Blackmon to second . Robertson pitching for White Sox . Arenado doubled to center , Blackmon and Amarista scored . Arenado to third on wild pitch by Robertson . Reynolds walked . Parra grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Sánchez walked . Narváez singled to right , Sánchez to second . Engel walked , Sánchez to third , Narváez to second . Anderson struck out swinging . García grounded out to second , Sánchez scored , Narváez to third , Engel to second . Smith hit for Robertson . Smith grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 4 - Rockies 12 .	Arenado drives in 5 runs as Rockies rout White Sox 12 - 4