Indians - Top 1st . Holland pitching for White Sox . Santana flied out to right . Lindor singled to center . Brantley singled to center , Lindor to third . Encarnación grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Brantley out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Salazar pitching for Indians . Sánchez flied out to left . Cabrera flied out to center . Abreu struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Holland pitching for White Sox . Ramírez homered to left ( 383 feet ) . Jackson popped out to first . Guyer singled to right center . Guyer picked off first . Gomes flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Salazar pitching for Indians . Moncada struck out swinging , Moncada safe at first on wild pitch by Salazar . Moncada caught stealing second , catcher to second . Davidson grounded out to third . Narváez walked . Hanson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Holland pitching for White Sox . Urshela flied out to left . Santana walked . Lindor flied out to center . Brantley grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Santana out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Salazar pitching for Indians . Anderson struck out swinging . Engel struck out swinging . Sánchez lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Holland pitching for White Sox . Encarnación flied out to center . Ramírez singled to left . Jackson walked , Ramírez to second . Guyer flied out to right , Ramírez to third . Gomes singled to right , Ramírez scored , Jackson to second . Urshela grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Salazar pitching for Indians . Cabrera grounded out to third . Abreu lined out to right . Moncada struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Holland pitching for White Sox . Santana singled to center . Lindor singled to deep left , Santana to second . Santana to third , Lindor to second on wild pitch by Holland . Brantley grounded out to pitcher . Encarnación intentionally walked . Ramírez singled to left , Santana and Lindor scored , Encarnación to second . Jackson walked , Encarnación to third , Ramírez to second . Guyer walked , Encarnación scored , Ramírez to third , Jackson to second . Beck pitching for White Sox . Gomes singled to left center , Ramírez scored , Jackson to third , Guyer to second . Urshela grounded into double play , third to second to first , Gomes out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Salazar pitching for Indians . Davidson fouled out to catcher . Narváez singled to right center . Hanson singled to right , Narváez to second . Anderson struck out swinging . Engel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Beck pitching for White Sox . Santana homered to right ( 404 feet ) . Lindor flied out to left . Brantley lined out to center . Encarnación flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Salazar pitching for Indians . Sánchez grounded out to pitcher . Cabrera lined out to right . Abreu grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Beck pitching for White Sox . Ramírez singled to right center . Jackson flied out to left . Guyer singled to center , Ramírez to second . Gomes fouled out to right , Ramírez to third . Urshela doubled to right , Ramírez scored , Guyer to third . Santana grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Salazar pitching for Indians . Moncada walked . Davidson homered to left center ( 412 feet ) , Moncada scored . McAllister pitching for Indians . Narváez walked . Hanson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Narváez out at second . Anderson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Minaya pitching for White Sox . Lindor flied out to center . Brantley homered to center ( 423 feet ) . Encarnación lined out to shortstop . Ramírez grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . González at shortstop . Zimmer in center field . Jackson in right field . Guyer in left field . Goody pitching for Indians . Engel safe at first on throwing error by shortstop González . Sánchez struck out looking . Cabrera singled to right , Engel to third . García ran for Cabrera . Abreu struck out swinging . Moncada doubled to deep right , Engel scored , García to third . Davidson walked . Narváez batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 9th . García in left field . Minaya pitching for White Sox . Jackson singled to shallow center . Guyer hit by pitch , Jackson to second . Gomes fouled out to first . Urshela lined out to center . Santana grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Armstrong pitching for Indians . Hanson singled to shallow center . Anderson flied out to right . Engel struck out swinging . Hanson to second on fielder 's indifference . Sánchez walked . García walked , Hanson to third , Sánchez to second . Abreu grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 9 - White Sox 3 .	Indians beat White Sox 9 - 3 to extend win streak to 8