Astros - Top 1st . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Springer grounded out to second . Altuve singled to left . Reddick struck out swinging . Gurriel grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Peacock pitching for Astros . García lined out to left . Moncada walked . Abreu grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Moncada out at second . García reached on infield single to shortstop , Abreu to second . Delmonico flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Bregman singled to left . González fouled out to third . Davis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bregman safe at second on error by second baseman Moncada . Bregman caught stealing third , catcher to third , Davis to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Centeno singled to center , Davis to third , Centeno thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Peacock pitching for Astros . Sánchez lined out to right . Anderson grounded out to pitcher . Narváez singled to right . Engel fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Marisnick homered to left center ( 423 feet ) . Springer popped out to third . Altuve grounded out to third . Reddick lined out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Peacock pitching for Astros . García struck out looking . Moncada lined out to center . Abreu grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Gurriel singled to shallow center . Bregman fouled out to shortstop . González grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gurriel safe at second on error by shortstop Anderson . Davis grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , González out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Peacock pitching for Astros . García popped out to second . Delmonico struck out swinging . Sánchez singled to center . Sánchez stole second . Sánchez to third on wild pitch by Peacock . Anderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Centeno singled to center . Marisnick struck out swinging . Springer hit by pitch , Centeno to second . Altuve grounded into double play , third to second to first , Springer out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Peacock pitching for Astros . Narváez flied out to left . Engel grounded out to third . García doubled to right . Moncada struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Reddick singled to shallow right center . Gurriel grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Reddick out at second . Bregman flied out to left . González doubled to deep right center , Gurriel scored . Davis struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Peacock pitching for Astros . Abreu struck out swinging . García doubled to deep center . Delmonico singled to shallow left , García to third . Sánchez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , García scored , Delmonico out at second . Anderson flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Centeno grounded out to pitcher . Marisnick struck out swinging . Springer grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Peacock pitching for Astros . Narváez singled to right . Engel sacrificed to first , Narváez to second . Devenski pitching for Astros . García hit by pitch . Moncada struck out swinging . Abreu popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Altuve grounded out to second . Reddick popped out to shortstop . Gurriel singled to right , Gurriel out stretching at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Gregerson pitching for Astros . García reached on infield single to third . Delmonico grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , García safe at third on throwing error by catcher Centeno . Delmonico to second on wild pitch by Gregerson . Sánchez struck out swinging . Anderson struck out swinging . Narváez intentionally walked . Hanson hit for Engel . Hanson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Astros - Top 9th . García in center field . Hanson in left field . Petricka pitching for White Sox . Bregman grounded out to third . González singled to right . González to second on wild pitch by Petricka . Davis grounded out to third . Centeno struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Giles pitching for Astros . García struck out swinging . Moncada homered to left center ( 374 feet ) . Abreu struck out swinging . García walked . Delmonico walked , García to second . Sánchez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 10th . Clippard pitching for White Sox . Marisnick struck out swinging . Springer grounded out to shortstop . Altuve singled to right . Altuve stole second . Reddick struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 10th . Martes pitching for Astros . Anderson struck out swinging . Narváez struck out looking . Hanson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 11th . Goldberg pitching for White Sox . Gurriel grounded out to third . Bregman walked . González grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bregman out at second . Beltrán hit for Davis . Holmberg pitching for White Sox . Beltrán singled to left , González to second . Centeno grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 11th . Bregman at third base . González at shortstop . Fisher in left field . Martes pitching for Astros . García singled to right , García to second on error by right fielder Reddick . Moncada singled to right center , García scored . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Astros 2 - White Sox 3 .	Moncada plays the hero as White Sox beat Astros 3 - 2 in 11