Indians - Top 1st . Holmberg pitching for White Sox . Lindor lined out to center . Jackson homered to center ( 409 feet ) . Ramírez homered to left ( 370 feet ) . Encarnación singled to left . Santana walked , Encarnación to second . Díaz walked , Encarnación to third , Santana to second . Guyer grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Encarnación scored , Díaz out at second , Santana to third . Gomes walked , Guyer to second . Allen struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Salazar pitching for Indians . Sánchez walked . Moncada struck out swinging , Sánchez stole second , Sánchez to third on throwing error by catcher Gomes . Abreu grounded out to second , Sánchez scored . García walked . Brantly hit by pitch , García to second . Davidson homered to center ( 400 feet ) , García and Brantly scored . Goody pitching for Indians . Anderson walked . Liriano walked , Anderson to second . Engel flied out to left . 4 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Top 2nd . Holmberg pitching for White Sox . Lindor walked . Jackson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lindor out at second . Ramírez homered to left center ( 413 feet ) . Encarnación struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Otero pitching for Indians . Sánchez struck out swinging . Moncada singled to left . Abreu grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Moncada out at second . García grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Abreu out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Holmberg pitching for White Sox . Santana reached on infield single to third . Díaz grounded out to third , Santana to second . Guyer hit by pitch . Gomes grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Santana out at third , Guyer to second . Allen doubled to left , Guyer and Gomes scored , Allen out at third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Otero pitching for Indians . Brantly singled to center . Davidson grounded into double play , third to second to first , Brantly out at second . Anderson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Pelfrey pitching for White Sox . Lindor grounded out to second . Jackson grounded out to second . Ramírez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . McAllister pitching for Indians . Liriano struck out swinging . Engel lined out to center . Sánchez singled to right . Moncada struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Pelfrey pitching for White Sox . Encarnación grounded out to pitcher . Santana lined out to left . Díaz grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . McAllister pitching for Indians . Abreu struck out swinging . García flied out to center . Brantly singled to center . Smith pitching for Indians . Davidson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Pelfrey pitching for White Sox . Guyer doubled to left . Gomes grounded out to second , Guyer to third . Allen struck out swinging . Lindor hit by pitch . Lindor stole second . Jackson walked . Fulmer pitching for White Sox . Ramírez popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Smith pitching for Indians . Anderson reached on infield single to third . Anderson stole second . Anderson safe at third on throwing error by catcher Gomes . Liriano struck out swinging . Engel struck out swinging . Olson pitching for Indians . Sánchez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Top 7th . Fulmer pitching for White Sox . Encarnación singled to left . Santana hit by pitch , Encarnación to second . Díaz lined out to right . Chisenhall hit for Guyer . Chisenhall popped out to second . Gomes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Urshela at third base . Chisenhall in right field . Olson pitching for Indians . Moncada flied out to right . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . García singled to left . Brantly struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Fulmer pitching for White Sox . Allen flied out to left . Lindor walked . Jackson popped out to second . Ramírez popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Shaw pitching for Indians . Davidson flied out to right . Anderson singled to left . Liriano fouled out to first . Hanson hit for Engel . Hanson reached on infield single to shortstop , Anderson to second . Sánchez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Hanson in center field . Fulmer pitching for White Sox . Encarnación flied out to center . Fry pitching for White Sox . Santana singled to deep left center . Urshela lined out to shortstop . Chisenhall walked , Santana to second . Beck pitching for White Sox . Gomes homered to left ( 361 feet ) , Santana and Chisenhall scored . Allen popped out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Armstrong pitching for Indians . Moncada grounded out to first . Abreu lined out to second . García reached on infield single to shortstop . García to second on fielder 's indifference . García to third on wild pitch by Armstrong . Brantly walked . Brantly to second on fielder 's indifference . Davidson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 9 - White Sox 4 .	Indians roll to season - best 13th straight win