White Sox - Top 1st . Bell pitching for Tigers . Anderson struck out swinging . Moncada homered to left center ( 382 feet ) . Abreu singled to deep right . García singled to right , Abreu to second . Davidson singled to center , Abreu scored , García to third . Saladino struck out swinging . Smith grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Shields pitching for White Sox . Kinsler struck out swinging . Presley grounded out to first . Cabrera singled to right . Castellanos singled to right center , Cabrera to third . Candelario popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Bell pitching for Tigers . Hanson struck out swinging . Engel popped out to second . Anderson popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Shields pitching for White Sox . McCann grounded out to third . Romine singled to center . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Romine out at second . Iglesias struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Bell pitching for Tigers . Moncada singled to right . Abreu flied out to center . Moncada stole second . García walked . Davidson struck out swinging . Saladino flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Shields pitching for White Sox . Kinsler lined out to third . Presley struck out swinging . Cabrera homered to left center ( 424 feet ) . Castellanos homered to left ( 369 feet ) . Candelario struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Bell pitching for Tigers . Smith singled to center . Hanson doubled to center , Smith to third . Engel lined out to center . Anderson singled to center , Smith and Hanson scored . Moncada singled to center , Anderson to third . Saupold pitching for Tigers . Abreu hit by pitch , Moncada to second . García singled to center , Anderson and Moncada scored , Abreu to third . Davidson struck out swinging . Saladino grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Shields pitching for White Sox . McCann singled to center . Romine grounded out to second , McCann to second . Jones fouled out to first . Iglesias lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Saupold pitching for Tigers . Smith fouled out to first . Hanson grounded out to pitcher . Engel grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Shields pitching for White Sox . Kinsler popped out to shortstop . Presley lined out to center . Cabrera lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Saupold pitching for Tigers . Anderson singled to right center . Moncada singled to right , Anderson to third . Abreu singled to center , Anderson scored , Moncada to third . Ferrell pitching for Tigers . García homered to right ( 361 feet ) , Moncada and Abreu scored . Davidson singled to left . Saladino grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Davidson out at second . Smith singled to center , Saladino to second . Hanson flied out to center , Saladino to third . Engel flied out to center . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Shields pitching for White Sox . Castellanos struck out swinging . Candelario homered to right center ( 398 feet ) . McCann walked . Romine struck out swinging . Jones singled to right , McCann to third . Iglesias doubled to deep left , McCann scored , Jones to third . Kinsler struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Jiménez pitching for Tigers . Anderson struck out swinging . Moncada walked . Abreu singled to right , Moncada to third . García singled to shallow center , Moncada scored , Abreu to second . Davidson doubled to left , Abreu scored , García to third . Reininger pitching for Tigers . Saladino grounded out to third . García scored , Davidson to third on wild pitch by Reininger . Smith grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Alburquerque pitching for White Sox . Presley struck out swinging . Navarro hit for Cabrera . Navarro struck out swinging . Castellanos grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Navarro at first base . Collins in right field . Hicks catching . Alcántara pitching for Tigers . Hanson singled to right . Engel singled to center , Hanson to second . Anderson struck out swinging . Moncada walked , Hanson to third , Engel to second . Abreu singled to left , Hanson scored , Engel to third , Moncada to second . Delmonico ran for Abreu . García reached on infield single to third , Engel scored , Moncada to third , Delmonico to second . Liriano ran for García . Davidson hit sacrifice fly to right , Moncada scored . Saladino grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Delmonico at first base . Liriano in right field . Volstad pitching for White Sox . Candelario singled to left , Candelario to second on error by left fielder Hanson . Hicks flied out to right , Candelario to third . Romine grounded out to first , Candelario scored . Jones struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 9th . Greene pitching for Tigers . Narváez hit for Smith . Narváez singled to left . Hanson walked , Narváez to second . Engel struck out swinging . Anderson reached on infield single to shortstop , Narváez to third , Hanson to second . Moncada struck out looking . Delmonico walked , Narváez scored , Hanson to third , Anderson to second . Hardy pitching for Tigers . Liriano struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Narváez catching . Holmberg pitching for White Sox . Iglesias flied out to right . Kinsler homered to left center ( 409 feet ) . Presley lined out to left . Navarro tripled to deep right center . Navarro scored on Holmberg 's wild pitch . Collins struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 17 - Tigers 7 .	Hit parade : White Sox pound out 25 , rout Tigers 17 - 7