Astros - Top 1st . Day pitching for Nationals . Taveras singled to center . Taveras stole second , Taveras safe at third on throwing error by catcher Gonzalez . Biggio walked . Taveras scored , Biggio to second on wild pitch by Day . Berkman homered to center , Biggio scored . Ensberg grounded out to third . Munson flied out to center . Wilson grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Soriano struck out looking . Clayton struck out swinging . Vidro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Day pitching for Nationals . Lane struck out looking . Everett fouled out to third . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Johnson flied out to left . Zimmerman struck out looking . Byrd struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Day pitching for Nationals . Taveras walked . Biggio doubled to deep left , Taveras scored . Berkman struck out looking . Ensberg grounded out to shortstop . Munson hit by pitch . Wilson grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Jackson homered to left . Gonzalez flied out to left . Day struck out swinging . Soriano walked . Clayton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Soriano out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Day pitching for Nationals . Lane popped out to first . Everett grounded out to third . Rodriguez walked . Rauch pitching for Nationals . Taveras doubled to deep left , Rodriguez to third . Biggio singled to left , Rodriguez and Taveras scored . Berkman flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Vidro reached on infield single to third . Johnson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Vidro out at second . Zimmerman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Rauch pitching for Nationals . Ensberg walked . Munson singled to right , Ensberg to second . Wilson struck out swinging . Lane walked , Ensberg to third , Munson to second . Everett struck out swinging . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Byrd lined out to right . Jackson walked . LeCroy hit for Rauch . Gonzalez walked , Jackson to second . Jackson to third on wild pitch by Rodriguez . LeCroy singled to right , Jackson scored , Gonzalez to second . Soriano walked , Gonzalez to third , LeCroy to second . Clayton walked , Gonzalez scored , LeCroy to third , Soriano to second . Stanton pitching for Nationals . Vidro grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Clayton out at second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Stanton pitching for Nationals . Taveras singled to right . Taveras to second on balk by Stanton . Biggio lined out to third . Berkman grounded out to third . Ensberg intentionally walked . Munson singled to center , Taveras scored , Ensberg to second . Wilson doubled to deep left center , Ensberg scored , Munson to third . Lane walked . Everett lined out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Johnson flied out to right . Zimmerman grounded out to second . Eischen pitching for Nationals . Burke hit for Rodriguez . Byrd grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Eischen pitching for Nationals . Burke hit by pitch . Taveras struck out looking . Biggio singled to left , Burke to second . Burke to third , Biggio to second on passed ball by Gonzalez . Berkman hit sacrifice fly to center , Burke scored , Biggio to third . Ensberg intentionally walked . Munson grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Borkowski pitching for Astros . Jackson reached on infield single to shortstop . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Eischen struck out swinging . Soriano grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Eischen pitching for Nationals . Wilson struck out swinging . Lane singled to center . Bruntlett hit for Borkowski . Everett flied out to right . Bruntlett walked , Lane to second . Miller pitching for Astros . Taveras grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lane out at third , Bruntlett to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Miller pitching for Astros . Clayton flied out to right . Vidro popped out to first . Majewski pitching for Nationals . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Majewski pitching for Nationals . Biggio reached on infield single to third . Berkman struck out swinging . Ensberg grounded out to shortstop , Biggio to second . Munson singled to center , Biggio scored . Wheeler pitching for Astros . Wilson fouled out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Wheeler pitching for Astros . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Byrd grounded out to third . Jackson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 10 - Nationals 3 .	Berkman 's upper - deck bomb leads Houston past struggling Nats