Braves - Top 1st . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Giles struck out swinging . Renteria singled to left . Jones singled to center , Renteria to second . Jones grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Jones out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Ramirez pitching for Braves . Biggio reached on infield single to shortstop . Lamb struck out swinging . Burke singled to center , Biggio to second . Berkman walked , Biggio to third , Burke to second . Wilson grounded out to first , Biggio scored , Burke to third , Berkman to second . Lane homered to right , Burke and Berkman scored . Munson lined out to center . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Francoeur tripled to deep right center . Diaz fouled out to first . Jordan grounded out to shortstop , Francoeur scored . McCann walked . Ramirez walked , McCann to second . Giles grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Ramirez pitching for Braves . Everett grounded out to shortstop . Rodriguez singled to right . Biggio doubled to deep left center , Rodriguez scored . Lamb grounded out to shortstop , Biggio to third . Burke hit by pitch . Villarreal pitching for Braves . Berkman singled to right , Biggio scored , Burke to third , Burke scored , Berkman to second on throwing error by right fielder Francoeur . Wilson walked . Lane popped out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Top 3rd . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Renteria struck out looking . Jones homered to right . Jones struck out swinging . Francoeur homered to left . Diaz flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Villarreal pitching for Braves . Munson homered to right . Everett singled to left . Rodriguez sacrificed to third , Everett to second . Biggio singled to left , Everett to third . Lamb hit sacrifice fly to center , Everett scored . Burke popped out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Jordan grounded out to shortstop . Orr hit for Villarreal . McCann grounded out to first . Orr walked . Paronto pitching for Braves . Giles grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Paronto pitching for Braves . Berkman grounded out to first . Wilson struck out swinging . Taveras in center field . Lane struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Renteria homered to left center . Jones struck out swinging . Jones grounded out to shortstop . Francoeur flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Paronto pitching for Braves . Munson struck out swinging . Everett walked . Rodriguez sacrificed to pitcher , Everett to second . McBride pitching for Braves . Biggio walked . Lamb struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Diaz singled to right . Jordan grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Diaz out at second . Betemit hit for McBride . McCann struck out swinging . Reitsma pitching for Braves . Betemit grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jordan out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Reitsma pitching for Braves . Taveras singled to right center . Berkman singled to left , Taveras to second . Wilson reached on infield single to shortstop , Taveras to third , Berkman to second . Lane doubled to left , Taveras and Berkman scored , Wilson to third . Munson homered to right , Wilson and Lane scored . Bruntlett hit for Rodriguez . Everett popped out to first . Bruntlett singled to center . Biggio grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bruntlett out at second . Lamb singled to left , Biggio to second . Yates pitching for Braves . Taveras hit by pitch , Biggio to third , Lamb to second . Sampson pitching for Astros . Bruntlett at second base . Berkman lined out to right . 5 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Sampson pitching for Astros . Giles flied out to right . Renteria singled to center . Langerhans in center field . Jones grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Renteria out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Yates pitching for Braves . Wilson flied out to center . Lane singled to left . Miller pitching for Astros . Munson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lane out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Miller pitching for Astros . Langerhans singled to center . Francoeur struck out swinging . Barzilla pitching for Astros . Diaz struck out swinging . Pratt hit for McCann . Jordan singled to left , Langerhans to second . Pratt catching . Remlinger pitching for Braves . Pratt flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Remlinger pitching for Braves . Everett flied out to right . Palmeiro hit for Barzilla . Bruntlett walked . Palmeiro struck out looking . Borkowski pitching for Astros . LaRoche hit for Remlinger . Lamb grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Borkowski pitching for Astros . LaRoche lined out to shortstop . Giles struck out swinging . Renteria singled to center . Jones flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 4 - Astros 14 .	Munson , Lane help Astros blow out bumbling Braves