Cardinals - Top 1st . Buchholz pitching for Astros . Eckstein popped out to third . Duncan grounded out to second . Pujols lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Ponson pitching for Cardinals . Biggio flied out to right . Lamb homered to right . Burke flied out to right . Berkman struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Buchholz pitching for Astros . Rolen doubled to deep center . Edmonds lined out to right , Rolen thrown out at third . Encarnacion grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Ponson pitching for Cardinals . Wilson walked . Munson flied out to center . Ensberg grounded out to third , Wilson to second . Wilson to third on wild pitch by Ponson . Everett flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Buchholz pitching for Astros . Molina hit by pitch . Bennett ran for Molina . Miles grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bennett out at second . Ponson struck out bunting foul . Miles to second on passed ball by Munson . Eckstein flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Bennett catching . Ponson pitching for Cardinals . Buchholz grounded out to second . Biggio reached on infield single to shortstop . Lamb grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Biggio out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Buchholz pitching for Astros . Duncan grounded out to first . Pujols singled to left . Rolen lined out to left . Edmonds homered to right , Pujols scored . Encarnacion grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Ponson pitching for Cardinals . Burke walked . Berkman hit by pitch , Burke to second . Wilson safe at second on error by second baseman Miles , Burke scored , Berkman to third . Munson walked . Ensberg grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Berkman scored , Munson out at second , Wilson to third . Everett struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 5th . Buchholz pitching for Astros . Bennett flied out to left . Miles grounded out to shortstop . Ponson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Ponson pitching for Cardinals . Buchholz flied out to center . Biggio flied out to center . Lamb struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Buchholz pitching for Astros . Eckstein flied out to left . Duncan struck out swinging . Pujols walked . Rolen grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Ponson pitching for Cardinals . Burke struck out swinging . Berkman walked . Wilson popped out to first . Qualls pitching for Astros . Munson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Qualls pitching for Astros . Edmonds singled to deep right , Edmonds out stretching at second . Encarnacion grounded out to third . Bennett singled to right . Miles grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bennett out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Ponson pitching for Cardinals . Ensberg singled to left . Palmeiro hit for Qualls . Kinney pitching for Cardinals . Everett reached on bunt single to third , Ensberg to second . Palmeiro bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Ensberg out at third , Everett to second . Wheeler pitching for Astros . Rodriguez hit for Kinney . Biggio grounded into double play , third to second to first , Palmeiro out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Wheeler pitching for Astros . Rodriguez doubled to deep center . Eckstein sacrificed to third , Rodriguez to third . Duncan struck out swinging . Ausmus catching . Lidge pitching for Astros . Pujols intentionally walked . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Rodriguez in left field . Rolen lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Lamb reached on infield single to pitcher , Lamb to second on throwing error by pitcher Wainwright . Burke bunt popped out to pitcher . Berkman intentionally walked . Wilson singled to center , Lamb scored , Berkman to second . Ausmus grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Wilson out at second , Berkman to third . Taveras in center field . Burke at second base . Ensberg struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 9th . Lidge pitching for Astros . Edmonds grounded out to shortstop . Encarnacion struck out swinging . Bennett grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 2 - Astros 4 .	Streaking Astros hold off late rally from slumping Cards