Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Clemens pitching for Astros . DaVanon flied out to center . Byrnes struck out swinging . Gonzalez safe at first on error by first baseman Lamb . Tracy doubled to left , Gonzalez scored . Estrada struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Astros - Bottom 1st . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Taveras reached on infield single to shortstop . Biggio grounded out to third , Taveras to second . Lamb singled to left center , Taveras scored . Huff popped out to third . Scott flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Clemens pitching for Astros . Green struck out looking . Hudson struck out looking . Drew grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Burke grounded out to shortstop . Everett doubled to deep left center . Ausmus fouled out to first . Clemens grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Clemens pitching for Astros . Batista struck out looking . DaVanon grounded out to second . Byrnes grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Taveras hit by pitch . Taveras stole second . Biggio hit by pitch . Lamb singled to left , Taveras scored , Biggio to second . Huff flied out to center , Biggio to third . Scott struck out swinging . Burke popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Clemens pitching for Astros . Gonzalez flied out to center . Tracy struck out swinging . Estrada singled to left . Green struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Everett reached on bunt single to third . Everett stole second . Ausmus grounded out to first , Everett to third . Everett scored on Batista 's balk . Clemens grounded out to shortstop . Taveras popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Clemens pitching for Astros . Hudson flied out to center . Drew struck out swinging . Batista grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Biggio reached on infield single to third , Biggio to second on throwing error by third baseman Tracy . Lamb grounded out to first , Biggio to third . Huff struck out swinging . Scott grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Clemens pitching for Astros . DaVanon grounded out to shortstop . Byrnes fouled out to catcher . Gonzalez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Burke hit by pitch . Everett flied out to center . Ausmus singled to center , Burke to second . Clemens struck out bunting foul . Taveras walked , Burke to third , Ausmus to second . Biggio grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Burke scored , Ausmus out at third , Taveras to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Clemens pitching for Astros . Tracy struck out swinging . Estrada grounded out to second . Green grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Choate pitching for Diamondbacks . Lamb singled to right center . Huff grounded out to pitcher , Lamb to second . Medders pitching for Diamondbacks . Scott reached on infield single to shortstop . Burke walked , Lamb to third , Scott to second . Everett grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lamb scored , Scott to third , Burke to second . Wilson hit for Clemens . Ausmus sacrificed to pitcher , Scott scored , Burke to third , Everett to second . Qualls pitching for Astros . Wilson struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Qualls pitching for Astros . Hudson singled to right . Quentin hit for Medders . Drew struck out swinging . Quentin hit by pitch , Hudson to second . DaVanon singled to center , Hudson scored , Quentin to second . Miller pitching for Astros . Byrnes homered to left , Quentin and DaVanon scored . Gonzalez singled to right . Tracy struck out swinging . Pena pitching for Diamondbacks . Estrada grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gonzalez out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Pena pitching for Diamondbacks . Taveras grounded out to shortstop . Biggio grounded out to second . Lamb flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Miller pitching for Astros . Green walked . Hudson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Green out at second . Jackson hit for Pena . Lidge pitching for Astros . Drew struck out swinging . Jackson homered to left , Hudson scored . Julio pitching for Diamondbacks . DaVanon grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 9th . Julio pitching for Diamondbacks . Huff struck out looking . Scott doubled to left . Burke flied out to center . Munson hit for Ausmus . Everett doubled to deep center , Scott scored . Munson flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 7 - Astros 6 .	D - Backs rally to deny Clemens win after seven sharp