Marlins - Top 1st. Santos pitching for Pirates. Ramirez doubled to deep left. Uggla reached on bunt single to third, Ramirez to third. Cabrera singled to left, Ramirez scored, Uggla to third. Willingham doubled to deep right, Uggla scored, Cabrera to third. Borchard flied out to left. Jacobs doubled to deep center, Cabrera and Willingham scored. Olivo hit ground rule double to deep right, Jacobs scored. Abercrombie fouled out to first. Mitre grounded out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Bautista popped out to shortstop. Vargas pitching for Marlins. McLouth struck out swinging. Sanchez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Santos pitching for Pirates. Ramirez singled to right center. Ramirez out at second on runner's fielder's choice. Uggla flied out to left. Cabrera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Vargas pitching for Marlins. Wilson singled to left. Burnitz lined out to right. Bay walked, Wilson to second. Paulino singled to center, Wilson to third, Bay to second. Castillo grounded into double play, third to second to first, Paulino out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Santos pitching for Pirates. Willingham fouled out to third. Borchard grounded out to second. Jacobs flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Vargas pitching for Marlins. Santos struck out swinging. Bautista hit by pitch. McLouth hit by pitch, Bautista to second. Sanchez singled to left, Bautista scored, McLouth to second. Wilson walked, McLouth to third, Sanchez to second. Burnitz fouled out to third. Bay tripled to deep right, McLouth, Sanchez and Wilson scored. Paulino grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Santos pitching for Pirates. Olivo grounded out to first. Abercrombie doubled to deep right center. Abercrombie picked off second. Vargas singled to left. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Vargas out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Vargas pitching for Marlins. Castillo singled to center. Santos sacrificed to catcher, Castillo to second, Santos safe at first on error by catcher Olivo. Bautista walked, Castillo to third, Santos to second. McLouth singled to right, Castillo scored, Santos to third, Bautista to second. Sanchez hit sacrifice fly to center, Santos scored. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Wilson singled to left, Bautista to third, McLouth to second. Burnitz singled to right, Bautista, McLouth and scored, Wilson out at third, Burnitz out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 5th. Santos pitching for Pirates. Uggla flied out to left. Cabrera struck out swinging. Willingham reached on infield single to shortstop. Borchard struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Bay singled to left. Paulino fouled out to second. Castillo flied out to right. Santos singled to center, Bay to second. Bautista grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Santos pitching for Pirates. Jacobs flied out to left. Olivo flied out to center. Reed hit for Nolasco. Abercrombie walked. Messenger pitching for Marlins. Reed lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Messenger pitching for Marlins. McLouth walked. McLouth stole second. Sanchez grounded out to first, McLouth to third. Wilson singled to center, McLouth scored. Burnitz flied out to right. Torres pitching for Pirates. Bay grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Torres pitching for Pirates. Ramirez struck out looking. Uggla singled to right. Cabrera grounded out to third, Uggla to second. Willingham grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Messenger pitching for Marlins. Paulino grounded out to shortstop. Castillo singled to left, Castillo to second on error by left fielder Willingham. Torres struck out swinging. Bautista grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 8th. Torres pitching for Pirates. Borchard singled to left. Jacobs singled to center, Borchard to second. Olivo singled to right, Borchard to third, Jacobs to second. Helms hit for Messenger. Abercrombie safe at first on error by third baseman Bautista, Borchard and Jacobs scored, Olivo to second. Helms grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Olivo out at third, Abercrombie to second. Capps pitching for Pirates. Ramirez singled to right center, Abercrombie scored, Helms to third. Uggla singled to right, Helms scored, Ramirez to third. Wellemeyer pitching for Marlins. Cabrera grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Uggla out at second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Wellemeyer pitching for Marlins. McLouth singled to center. Sanchez popped out to second. Wilson hit by pitch, McLouth to second. Burnitz walked, McLouth to third, Wilson to second. Bay hit sacrifice fly to center, McLouth scored, Wilson to third, Burnitz to second. Paulino singled to right center, Wilson and Burnitz scored. Doumit hit for Capps. Castillo reached on infield single to second, Paulino to second. Gonzalez pitching for Pirates. Doumit grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Gonzalez pitching for Pirates. Willingham singled to left. Borchard struck out swinging. Jacobs walked, Willingham to second. Olivo reached on infield single to pitcher, Willingham to third, Jacobs to second. Aguila hit for Wellemeyer. Abercrombie struck out looking. Aguila popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 9 - Pirates 12.	Pittsburgh 12, Florida 9