Marlins - Top 1st. Smoltz pitching for Braves. Amezaga safe at first on error by second baseman Giles. Abercrombie lined into double play, third to first, Amezaga doubled off first. Uggla singled to center. Cabrera struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 1st. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Giles grounded out to third. Renteria flied out to right. Jones singled to right. Jones to second on passed ball by Olivo. Jones grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Smoltz pitching for Braves. Jacobs walked. Olivo struck out swinging. Aguila singled to left center, Jacobs to second. Andino struck out swinging. Nolasco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. McCann reached on infield single to second. Francoeur singled to center, McCann to second. LaRoche struck out looking. McCann to third, Francoeur to second on wild pitch by Nolasco. Langerhans walked. Smoltz grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, McCann out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Smoltz pitching for Braves. Amezaga grounded out to shortstop. Abercrombie struck out swinging. Uggla flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Giles singled to left. Renteria grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Giles safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Nolasco. Jones hit sacrifice fly to center, Giles scored. Renteria to third on wild pitch by Nolasco. Jones walked. McCann hit sacrifice fly to left, Renteria scored. Francoeur flied out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 4th. Smoltz pitching for Braves. Cabrera lined out to center. Jacobs struck out swinging. Olivo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. LaRoche singled to right. Langerhans struck out swinging. Smoltz sacrificed into fielder's choice to catcher, LaRoche to second. Giles lined out to right. Herges pitching for Marlins. Renteria walked, LaRoche to third, Smoltz to second. Jones grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Smoltz pitching for Braves. Aguila grounded out to first. Willis hit for Herges. Andino grounded out to shortstop. Willis reached on infield single to first. Amezaga singled to shallow left, Willis to third, Amezaga to second advancing on throw. Petit pitching for Marlins. Abercrombie grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Petit pitching for Marlins. Jones struck out swinging. McCann struck out swinging. Francoeur struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Smoltz pitching for Braves. Uggla popped out to second. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Jacobs grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Petit pitching for Marlins. LaRoche flied out to center. Langerhans fouled out to third. Smoltz grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Smoltz pitching for Braves. Olivo struck out swinging. Aguila popped out to shortstop. Andino grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Petit pitching for Marlins. Giles flied out to center. Renteria singled to left. Jones singled to right, Renteria to second. Jones flied out to right, Renteria to third. Borchard hit for Petit. McCann popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Smoltz pitching for Braves. Borchard singled to left. Amezaga singled to right, Borchard to second. Abercrombie reached on infield single to shortstop, Borchard to third, Amezaga to second. Uggla hit sacrifice fly to center, Borchard scored, Amezaga to third, Abercrombie to second. Cabrera intentionally walked. Remlinger pitching for Braves. Jacobs singled to center, Amezaga and Abercrombie scored, Cabrera to second. Olivo flied out to center. Treanor catching. Messenger pitching for Marlins. Borchard in right field. Aguila struck out looking. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Messenger pitching for Marlins. Francoeur struck out swinging. LaRoche grounded out to third. Ray pitching for Braves. Langerhans flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Ray pitching for Braves. Andino grounded out to second. Borchard walked. Diaz hit for Ray. Amezaga grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Borchard out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 9th. Orr ran for Diaz. Kensing pitching for Marlins. Diaz singled to left. Giles sacrificed to first, Orr to second. Orr stole third. Renteria hit by pitch. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to second, Orr scored, Renteria out at second. Jones stole second. Reitsma pitching for Braves. Jones grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 10th. Reitsma pitching for Braves. Abercrombie flied out to center. Uggla struck out swinging. Borowski pitching for Marlins. Cabrera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 10th. Borowski pitching for Marlins. McCann reached on infield single to second. Jordan ran for McCann. Francoeur grounded out to first, McCann to second. LaRoche singled to center, Jordan thrown out at home, LaRoche to second advancing on throw. Betemit hit for Reitsma. Langerhans intentionally walked. Pratt catching. Villarreal pitching for Braves. Betemit fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 11th. Moehler hit for Borowski. Ramirez ran for Jacobs. Villarreal pitching for Braves. Jacobs walked. Moehler sacrificed to pitcher, Ramirez to second. Treanor singled to left, Ramirez scored. Andino grounded out to first, Treanor to second. Borchard intentionally walked. Helms at first base. Messenger pitching for Marlins. Amezaga flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 11th. Messenger pitching for Marlins. Giles singled to left. Renteria walked, Giles to second. Jones homered to right center, Giles and Renteria scored. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 4 - Braves 6.	Chipper's three-run HR rallies Braves past Marlins in 11