Marlins - Top 1st. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Ramirez flied out to right. Uggla flied out to center. Jacobs homered to right. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Carroll grounded out to second. Spilborghs singled to right. Helton grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Spilborghs out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Willingham singled to left. Hermida grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Willingham out at second. Abercrombie grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Holliday singled to center. Atkins flied out to right. Holliday to second on wild pitch by Olsen. Marrero grounded out to shortstop, Holliday to third. Torrealba grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Treanor doubled to deep left. Olsen sacrificed to third, Treanor to third, Olsen safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Jennings. Treanor to third on throwing error by pitcher Jennings. Ramirez struck out swinging. Uggla grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Olsen out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Barmes flied out to left. Jennings grounded out to second. Carroll struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Jacobs struck out swinging. Cabrera singled to left center. Willingham singled to left center, Cabrera to second. Hermida singled to right center, Cabrera scored, Willingham to third. Abercrombie grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hermida to second. Treanor grounded out to first, Willingham scored, Hermida to third, Abercrombie to second. Olsen grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Spilborghs bunt grounded out to pitcher. Helton singled to right. Holliday homered to left, Helton scored. Atkins struck out swinging. Marrero grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Ramirez grounded out to pitcher. Uggla struck out swinging. Jacobs singled to center. Cabrera grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Torrealba flied out to center. Barmes flied out to center. Jennings grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Willingham struck out looking. Hermida doubled to right. Abercrombie lined out to center. Treanor intentionally walked. Olsen grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hermida out at third, Treanor to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Carroll flied out to left. Spilborghs struck out swinging. Helton flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Ramirez homered to left. Uggla grounded out to pitcher. Jacobs grounded out to second. Willingham grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Holliday reached on infield single to shortstop. Atkins doubled to deep left, Holliday thrown out at home. Marrero walked. Messenger pitching for Marlins. Torrealba fouled out to right. Hawpe hit for Jennings. Barmes singled to center, Atkins scored, Marrero to second. Mesa pitching for Rockies. Hawpe in right field. Hawpe struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Mesa pitching for Rockies. Hermida grounded out to third. Abercrombie singled to center. Abercrombie caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Borchard hit for Messenger. Colorado's Manager Hurdle ejected by Cousins in the 8th. Borchard singled to right center, Treanor to third. Martinez pitching for Marlins. Ramirez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Martinez pitching for Marlins. Carroll flied out to left. Tankersley pitching for Marlins. Spilborghs doubled to center. Kensing pitching for Marlins. Helton struck out swinging. Holliday walked. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. Atkins flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. Uggla fouled out to first. Jacobs struck out swinging. Cabrera singled to center. Borowski pitching for Marlins. Sullivan hit for Fuentes. Willingham struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Borowski pitching for Marlins. Sullivan bunt grounded out to first. Torrealba struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 4 - Rockies 3.	Rookie Olsen helps Marlins to sweep of Rockies