Marlins - Top 1st. Lowry pitching for Giants. Ramirez flied out to center. Uggla singled to center. Cabrera grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Uggla out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Moehler pitching for Marlins. Winn walked. Vizquel singled to right, Winn to second. Niekro grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Vizquel out at second, Winn to third. Bonds batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Lowry pitching for Giants. Willingham reached on infield single to shortstop. Ross flied out to left. Helms flied out to center. Abercrombie struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Moehler pitching for Marlins. Finley grounded out to pitcher. Feliz singled to left. Greene singled to left, Feliz to second. Lowry sacrificed to pitcher, Feliz to third, Greene to second. Winn tripled to deep right, Feliz and Greene scored, Winn scored on throwing error by second baseman Uggla. Vizquel singled to center. Vizquel caught stealing second, pitcher to second. Niekro batting. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 3rd. Lowry pitching for Giants. Olivo singled to left. Moehler sacrificed to pitcher, Olivo to second. Ramirez walked. Uggla flied out to center. Cabrera batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Moehler pitching for Marlins. Niekro fouled out to first. Bonds flied out to right. Durham grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Lowry pitching for Giants. Willingham homered to left. Helms flied out to right. Abercrombie grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Moehler pitching for Marlins. Finley grounded out to second. Feliz popped out to shortstop. Greene lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Lowry pitching for Giants. Olivo singled to left center. Moehler sacrificed to third, Olivo to second. Ramirez fouled out to catcher. Uggla flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Moehler pitching for Marlins. Lowry singled to left. Winn singled to left center, Lowry to second. Vizquel singled to center, Lowry to third, Winn to second. Niekro tripled to deep right center, Lowry, Winn and Vizquel scored. Bonds batting. Petit pitching for Marlins. Durham grounded out to first. Finley flied out to right. Feliz doubled to deep left. Greene singled to center, Feliz scored, Greene to second advancing on throw. Hennessey pitching for Giants. Lowry struck out looking. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Hennessey pitching for Giants. Cabrera grounded out to third. Willingham flied out to left. Ross flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Petit pitching for Marlins. Winn grounded out to second. Vizquel grounded out to second. Niekro flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Hennessey pitching for Giants. Helms grounded out to second. Abercrombie struck out swinging. Olivo grounded out to third. Durham flied out to right. Vizcaino at shortstop. Ellison in left field. Finley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Hennessey pitching for Giants. Petit flied out to center. Ramirez struck out swinging. Amezaga flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Petit pitching for Marlins. Feliz singled to left. Greene walked, Feliz to second. Hennessey singled to center, Feliz to third, Greene to second. Winn reached on infield single to first, Feliz scored, Greene to third, Hennessey to second. Vizcaino singled to center, Greene scored, Hennessey to third, Winn to second. Herges pitching for Marlins. Niekro singled to left, Hennessey scored, Winn to third, Vizcaino to second. Ellison grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Winn scored, Niekro out at second, Vizcaino to third. Frandsen at second base. Finley fouled out to catcher. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 9th. Hennessey pitching for Giants. Borchard singled to right. Willingham grounded out to pitcher, Borchard to second. Ross singled to left, Borchard scored. Helms popped out to second. Abercrombie struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 2 - Giants 14.	Bonds blasts No. 716 as Giants blow Fish out of water