Nationals - Top 1st. Johnson pitching for Marlins. Soriano flied out to right. Lopez struck out swinging. Zimmerman lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Bergmann pitching for Nationals. Ramirez homered to left. Uggla flied out to right. Cabrera popped out to shortstop. Willingham lined out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Johnson pitching for Marlins. Johnson hit by pitch. Vidro lined out to second. Kearns grounded out to shortstop, Johnson to second. Church hit by pitch. Harper lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Bergmann pitching for Nationals. Jacobs walked. Olivo doubled to deep right, Jacobs to third. Hermida popped into double play, shortstop to second, Olivo doubled off second. Amezaga intentionally walked. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Johnson pitching for Marlins. Bergmann struck out swinging. Soriano grounded out to second. Lopez singled to center. Zimmerman walked, Lopez to second. Johnson singled to center, Lopez scored, Zimmerman to second, Zimmerman to third on error by first baseman Jacobs. Vidro grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Bergmann pitching for Nationals. Ramirez grounded out to third. Uggla struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Johnson pitching for Marlins. Kearns struck out swinging. Church struck out swinging. Harper doubled to deep left center. Bergmann grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Bergmann pitching for Nationals. Willingham hit by pitch. Jacobs struck out swinging. Olivo lined into double play, third to first, Willingham doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Johnson pitching for Marlins. Soriano doubled to left. Lopez sacrificed to pitcher, Soriano to third. Zimmerman grounded out to third, Soriano scored. Johnson lined out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Bergmann pitching for Nationals. Hermida singled to center. Amezaga grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hermida out at second. Johnson sacrificed to pitcher, Amezaga to second. Ramirez singled to left center, Amezaga scored. Uggla grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Johnson pitching for Marlins. Vidro grounded out to second. Kearns homered to left center. Church struck out looking. Harper fouled out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Bergmann pitching for Nationals. Cabrera tripled to deep right. Willingham flied out to center. Jacobs homered to right, Cabrera scored. Olivo flied out to left. Anderson hit for Bergmann. Hermida flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Johnson pitching for Marlins. Anderson lined out to center. Soriano popped out to shortstop. Wagner pitching for Nationals. Lopez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Borchard hit for Johnson. Wagner pitching for Nationals. Amezaga grounded out to second. Borchard grounded out to second. Ramirez safe at first on error by second baseman Vidro. Ramirez stole second. Tankersley pitching for Marlins. Uggla grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 8th. Tankersley pitching for Marlins. Zimmerman flied out to right. Johnson homered to center. Castro ran for Vidro. Vidro singled to center. Mateo hit for Church. Kearns walked, Castro to second. Castro at second base. Mateo in center field. Mateo grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Kearns out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Wagner pitching for Nationals. Cabrera safe at first on error by third baseman Zimmerman. Willingham singled to left, Cabrera to second. Jacobs walked, Cabrera to third, Willingham to second. Olivo flied out to right. Abercrombie ran for Jacobs. Hermida grounded out to first, Cabrera scored, Willingham to third, Jacobs to second. Helms hit for Tankersley. Amezaga intentionally walked. Helms reached on infield single to shortstop, Willingham scored, Abercrombie to third, Amezaga to second, Abercrombie scored, Amezaga to third, Helms to second on throwing error by short. Borowski pitching for Marlins. Helms at first base. Ramirez struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Ward hit for Wagner. Borowski pitching for Marlins. Harper reached on infield single to pitcher, Harper to second on throwing error by pitcher Borowski. Ward fouled out to second. Soriano doubled to left, Harper scored. Lopez grounded out to second, Soriano to third. Zimmerman lined out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 5 - Marlins 7.	Nats error in eighth opens door to Marlins victory