Nationals - Top 1st. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Soriano flied out to right. Lopez singled to center. Kearns struck out swinging. Escobar doubled to deep left center, Lopez scored, Escobar to third advancing on throw. Ward struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Armas pitching for Nationals. Ramirez singled to center. Uggla tripled to deep right, Ramirez scored. Cabrera singled to left, Uggla scored. Willingham singled to right, Cabrera to second. Jacobs singled to right, Cabrera to third, Willingham to second. Olivo fouled out to first. Hermida grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cabrera scored, Jacobs out at second, Willingham to third. Abercrombie walked, Hermida to second. Olsen grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Mateo flied out to center. Harper singled to left. Castro singled to left, Harper to second. Armas Jr struck out bunting foul. Soriano struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Armas pitching for Nationals. Ramirez struck out swinging. Uggla reached on infield single to shortstop. Cabrera homered to center, Uggla scored. Willingham safe at first on error by shortstop Lopez. Jacobs doubled to deep left center, Willingham to third. Olivo intentionally walked. Hermida singled to right, Willingham scored, Jacobs to third, Olivo to second. Abercrombie grounded into fielder's choice to third, Jacobs out at home, Olivo to third, Hermida to second. Schroder pitching for Nationals. Olsen singled to right center, Olivo and Hermida scored, Abercrombie to second, Abercrombie to third on error by right fielder Kearns. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 2 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Lopez walked. Kearns walked, Lopez to second. Escobar popped out to third. Ward struck out swinging. Lopez to third, Kearns to second on passed ball by Olivo. Mateo singled to center, Lopez scored, Kearns to third. Harper flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Schroder pitching for Nationals. Uggla struck out swinging. Cabrera homered to left. Willingham flied out to right. Jacobs flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Castro grounded out to third. Schroder struck out swinging. Soriano flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Schroder pitching for Nationals. Olivo flied out to center. Hermida struck out swinging. Abercrombie grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Lopez flied out to center. Kearns homered to left center. Escobar tripled to deep center. Ward struck out swinging. Mateo lined out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Schroder pitching for Nationals. Olsen struck out swinging. Ramirez safe at first on error by shortstop Lopez. Uggla flied out to center. Cabrera walked, Ramirez to second. Willingham struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 6th. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Harper popped out to second. Jackson hit for Schroder. Castro walked. Jackson flied out to center. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Soriano fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Jacobs fouled out to first. Olivo struck out swinging. Moehler pitching for Marlins. Helms at first base. Hermida flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Moehler pitching for Marlins. Lopez singled to right. Lopez stole second. Kearns walked. Escobar grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kearns out at second, Lopez to third. Cordero pitching for Nationals. Ward flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Borchard hit for Moehler. Cordero pitching for Nationals. Abercrombie fouled out to first. Borchard flied out to left. Ramirez tripled to deep center. Pinto pitching for Marlins. Uggla flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Pinto pitching for Marlins. Mateo homered to left center. Harper walked. Vidro hit for Cordero. Castro popped out to shortstop. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Vidro grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Harper out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Cabrera lined out to left. Willingham lined out to left. Messenger pitching for Marlins. Helms grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Messenger pitching for Marlins. Soriano struck out swinging. Lopez singled to center. Kearns struck out swinging. Escobar walked, Lopez to second. Ward homered to right, Lopez and Escobar scored. Mateo struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 7 - Marlins 9.	Mega Miggy: Cabrera's two blasts help Marlins edge Nats