Angels - Top 1st. Liriano pitching for Twins. Izturis singled to left. Izturis to second on wild pitch by Liriano. Callaspo grounded out to second, Izturis to third. Pujols grounded out to shortstop, Izturis scored. Hunter struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Weaver pitching for Angels. Span flied out to right. Dozier flied out to center. Mauer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Liriano pitching for Twins. Trumbo struck out swinging. Kendrick struck out swinging. Wells reached on infield single to third. Iannetta grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Weaver pitching for Angels. Doumit flied out to center. Valencia grounded out to shortstop. Parmelee flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Liriano pitching for Twins. Bourjos flied out to right. Izturis walked. Callaspo homered to left (376 feet), Izturis scored. Pujols flied out to center. Hunter grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Weaver pitching for Angels. Plouffe walked. Komatsu singled to center, Plouffe to second. Carroll lined into double play, second to shortstop, Plouffe doubled off second. Span safe at first on error by shortstop Izturis, Komatsu to third. Dozier lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Top 4th. Liriano pitching for Twins. Trumbo fouled out to third. Kendrick singled to right. Wells singled to center, Kendrick to second. Iannetta walked, Kendrick to third, Wells to second. Bourjos hit sacrifice fly to right, Kendrick scored, Wells to third. Izturis struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Mauer grounded out to first. Doumit grounded out to third. Valencia flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Liriano pitching for Twins. Callaspo walked. Pujols grounded into double play, third to second to first, Callaspo out at second. Hunter lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Parmelee singled to right. Plouffe walked, Parmelee to second. Komatsu singled to right center, Parmelee to third, Plouffe to second. Carroll popped out to second. Span grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Parmelee scored, Komatsu out at second, Plouffe to third. Dozier grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Swarzak pitching for Twins. Trumbo popped out to first. Kendrick flied out to center. Wells struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Mauer grounded out to second. Doumit struck out looking. Valencia flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Swarzak pitching for Twins. Iannetta walked. Bourjos sacrificed to third, Iannetta to second. Izturis singled to right, Iannetta to third. Callaspo struck out looking. Pujols singled to left, Iannetta scored, Izturis to second. Gray pitching for Twins. Hunter grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pujols out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Takahashi pitching for Angels. Parmelee lined out to left. Plouffe grounded out to shortstop. Komatsu grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Gray pitching for Twins. Trumbo grounded out to shortstop. Kendrick doubled to deep center. Wells grounded out to shortstop, Kendrick to third. Iannetta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Carpenter pitching for Angels. Carroll hit ground rule double to right. Span struck out looking. Dozier singled to center, Carroll to third. Mauer singled to right, Carroll scored, Dozier to third. Walden pitching for Angels. Doumit hit sacrifice fly to right, Dozier scored. Mauer to second on wild pitch by Walden. Valencia struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Perkins pitching for Twins. Bourjos reached on bunt single to first. Izturis sacrificed to third, Bourjos to third. Callaspo singled to center, Bourjos scored. Pujols fouled out to third. Hunter walked, Callaspo to second. Trumbo safe at second on error by left fielder Komatsu, Callaspo and Hunter scored. Kendrick struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Twins - Bottom 9th. Isringhausen pitching for Angels. Parmelee grounded out to shortstop. Plouffe fouled out to right. Komatsu grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 8 - Twins 3.	Angels' Weaver silences Twins again   \n\n