Rangers - Top 1st. Wilson pitching for Angels. Kinsler walked. Andrus grounded into double play, third to second to first, Kinsler out at second. Hamilton walked. Beltre struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Darvish pitching for Rangers. Trout safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Andrus. Callaspo lined out to first, Trout to second. Pujols popped out to shortstop. Morales grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 2nd. Wilson pitching for Angels. Young grounded out to third. Cruz doubled to right. Napoli walked. Torrealba grounded into double play, third to first, Cruz out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Darvish pitching for Rangers. Trumbo struck out swinging. Hunter flied out to right. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Wilson pitching for Angels. Gentry singled to right. Kinsler grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gentry out at second. Andrus singled to center. Hamilton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Darvish pitching for Rangers. Aybar flied out to center. Wilson struck out swinging. Trout lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Wilson pitching for Angels. Beltre struck out swinging. Young reached on infield single to shortstop. Cruz struck out swinging. Young caught stealing second, catcher to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Darvish pitching for Rangers. Callaspo singled to center. Pujols walked, Callaspo to second. Morales flied out to left. Trumbo flied out to right, Callaspo to third. Hunter walked, Pujols to second. Kendrick grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Wilson pitching for Angels. Napoli struck out looking. Torrealba doubled to deep left. Gentry flied out to center. Kinsler popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Darvish pitching for Rangers. Aybar grounded out to first. Wilson struck out swinging. Trout doubled to deep left. Callaspo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Wilson pitching for Angels. Andrus flied out to right. Hamilton grounded out to pitcher. Beltre struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Darvish pitching for Rangers. Pujols singled to shallow right, Pujols to second on error by first baseman Napoli. Morales struck out swinging, Pujols stole third. Trumbo safe at first on error by third baseman Beltre, Pujols scored. Hunter struck out swinging, Trumbo to second on passed ball. Kendrick struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Walden pitching for Angels. Young walked. Cruz singled to left, Young to second. Napoli walked, Young to third, Cruz to second. Torrealba grounded into fielder's choice to third, Young out at home, Cruz to third, Napoli to second. Murphy hit for Gentry. Cassevah pitching for Angels. Murphy hit sacrifice fly to center, Cruz scored, Napoli to third. Kinsler grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Torrealba out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Hamilton in center field. Murphy in left field. Darvish pitching for Rangers. Aybar reached on bunt single to pitcher. Wilson struck out bunting foul. Aybar stole second. Trout reached on infield single to shortstop, Aybar to third. Trout stole second. Callaspo singled to right, Aybar scored, Trout to third. Pujols walked, Callaspo to second. Uehara pitching for Rangers. Morales hit sacrifice fly to right, Trout scored. Napoli catching. Moreland at first base. Trumbo flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Trout in left field. Bourjos in center field. Downs pitching for Angels. Andrus walked. Hamilton struck out swinging. Beltre struck out swinging. Young singled to right, Andrus to third, Andrus scored, Young to second on throwing error by right fielder Hunter. Frieri pitching for Angels. Cruz struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 8th. Lowe pitching for Rangers. Hunter grounded out to shortstop. Kendrick singled to left. Aybar flied out to center. Wilson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Frieri pitching for Angels. Napoli singled to right. Moreland struck out swinging. Murphy fouled out to third. Kinsler walked, Napoli to second. Andrus safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Aybar, Napoli to third, Kinsler to second. Hamilton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 2 - Angels 3.	Wilson, Angels close in on Rangers \n\n