Angels - Top 1st. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Trout struck out swinging. Hunter singled to left. Pujols grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Hunter out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Santana pitching for Angels. Jackson safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Aybar. Jackson stole second. Berry grounded out to second, Jackson to third. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop, Jackson scored. Fielder singled to right. Young struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Top 2nd. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Morales lined out to left. Trumbo flied out to center. Kendrick grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Santana pitching for Angels. Boesch grounded out to first. Peralta grounded out to third. Avila grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Aybar hit by pitch. Aybar stole second. Izturis grounded out to second, Aybar to third. Hester grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Aybar out at home. Trout walked, Hester to second. Hunter doubled to left, Hester scored, Trout to third. Pujols flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Santana pitching for Angels. Santiago grounded out to first. Jackson singled to center. Berry flied into double play, right to first, Jackson doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Morales struck out swinging. Trumbo struck out swinging. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Santana pitching for Angels. Cabrera flied out to center. Fielder walked. Young singled to left, Fielder to second. Boesch grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Fielder scored, Young to second. Peralta flied out to right. Avila flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Top 5th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Aybar grounded out to first. Izturis doubled to deep right. Hester walked. Trout singled to left, Izturis scored, Hester to second. Hunter doubled to deep center, Hester and Trout scored. Pujols doubled to deep left, Hunter scored. Pujols to third on wild pitch by Porcello. Morales walked. Trumbo grounded into double play, third to second to first, Morales out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Santana pitching for Angels. Santiago struck out swinging. Jackson grounded out to shortstop. Berry reached on bunt single to third. Cabrera walked, Berry to second. Fielder singled to right, Berry scored, Cabrera to third. Young singled to right, Cabrera scored, Fielder to third. Boesch lined out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Kendrick struck out swinging. Aybar reached on bunt single to third. Aybar stole second. Izturis struck out swinging. Hester reached on infield single to shortstop, Aybar to third. Dotel pitching for Tigers. Trout flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Santana pitching for Angels. Peralta singled to right. Avila grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Peralta out at second. Santiago reached on infield single to second. Jackson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Dotel pitching for Tigers. Hunter struck out swinging. Pujols singled to left. Morales grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Pujols out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Takahashi pitching for Angels. Berry singled to right. Hawkins pitching for Angels. Berry stole second. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Fielder intentionally walked. Berry stole third. Young hit sacrifice fly to center, Berry scored. Boesch homered to right (384 feet), Fielder scored. Peralta struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Kelly in right field. Benoit pitching for Tigers. Trumbo homered to left (369 feet). Kendrick struck out swinging. Aybar grounded out to third. Izturis struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Carpenter pitching for Angels. Avila walked. Santiago grounded out to second, Avila to second. Jackson walked. Berry singled to center, Avila scored, Jackson to third, Berry to second advancing on throw. Cabrera walked. Fielder fouled out to third. Young grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Valverde pitching for Tigers. Callaspo hit for Hester. Callaspo grounded out to shortstop. Trout struck out swinging. Hunter reached on infield single to third, Hunter to second on throwing error by third baseman Cabrera. Pujols flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 6 - Tigers 8.	Boesch breaks tie as Tigers rally past Angels