Angels - Top 1st. Dempster pitching for Rangers. Trout doubled to deep left. Hunter sacrificed to pitcher, Trout to third. Pujols hit sacrifice fly to right, Trout scored. Trumbo homered to right (353 feet). Morales flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Wilson pitching for Angels. Kinsler homered to left center (405 feet). Andrus struck out swinging. Hamilton grounded out to pitcher. Beltre doubled to left. Cruz walked. Young grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Dempster pitching for Rangers. Callaspo struck out swinging. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. Romine struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Wilson pitching for Angels. Soto singled to left. Olt singled to shallow left, Soto to second. Gentry hit by pitch, Soto to third, Olt to second. Kinsler singled to shallow left, Soto scored, Olt to third, Gentry to second. Andrus struck out swinging. Hamilton singled to right, Olt and Gentry scored, Kinsler to third. Beltre walked, Hamilton to second. Cruz struck out looking. Young singled to center, Kinsler and Hamilton scored, Beltre to third. Soto flied out to center. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Dempster pitching for Rangers. Wilson struck out swinging. Trout struck out swinging. Hunter doubled to deep right center. Pujols doubled to deep right center, Hunter scored. Trumbo grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Wilson pitching for Angels. Olt lined out to shortstop. Gentry walked. Kinsler grounded out to third, Gentry to second. Andrus grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Dempster pitching for Rangers. Morales homered to right (434 feet). Callaspo walked. Kendrick singled to shallow left, Callaspo to second. Romine sacrificed to pitcher, Callaspo to third, Kendrick to second. Wilson grounded out to shortstop, Callaspo scored, Kendrick to third. Trout walked. Trout stole second. Hunter singled to deep left, Trout and Kendrick scored advancing on play. Hunter out stretching at second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Wilson pitching for Angels. Hamilton struck out swinging. Beltre struck out swinging. Cruz homered to center (428 feet). Young grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Dempster pitching for Rangers. Pujols reached on infield single to shortstop. Trumbo struck out looking. Morales doubled to center, Pujols scored. Callaspo struck out swinging. Kendrick walked. Ross pitching for Rangers. Romine walked, Morales to third, Kendrick to second. Wilson struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Wilson pitching for Angels. Soto struck out swinging. Olt struck out swinging. Gentry popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Oswalt pitching for Rangers. Trout grounded out to second. Hunter singled to shallow right. Pujols popped out to second. Hunter caught stealing second, pitcher to second. Trumbo batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Wilson pitching for Angels. Kinsler doubled to left. Kinsler to third on balk by Wilson. Andrus doubled to right, Kinsler scored. Hamilton grounded out to third, Andrus to third. Hawkins pitching for Angels. Beltre struck out swinging. Cruz grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Oswalt pitching for Rangers. Trumbo struck out swinging, Trumbo safe at first on wild pitch by Oswalt. Morales flied out to left. Callaspo singled to right, Trumbo to second. Kendrick struck out swinging. Romine flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Carpenter pitching for Angels. Young singled to shallow right. Soto grounded out to shortstop, Young to second. Moreland hit for Olt. Moreland singled to shallow center, Young scored. Murphy hit for Gentry. Moreland stole second. Murphy singled to left center, Moreland to third. Williams pitching for Angels. Kinsler walked, Murphy to second. Andrus singled to shallow left, Moreland scored, Murphy thrown out at home, Kinsler to third, Andrus to second advancing on throw. Takahashi pitching for Angels. Hamilton hit ground rule double to deep right center, Kinsler and Andrus scored. Beltre struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Hamilton in center field. Moreland at first base. Murphy in left field. Adams pitching for Rangers. Izturis hit for Wilson. Izturis safe at first on error by second baseman Young. Trout grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Izturis out at second. Trout stole second. Hunter flied out to center. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Iannetta catching. Izturis at shortstop. Takahashi pitching for Angels. Cruz walked. Young safe at second on error by shortstop Izturis, Cruz to third. Soto doubled to left, Cruz and Young scored. Moreland doubled to right, Soto to third. Murphy singled to center, Soto scored, Moreland to third. Kinsler flied out to left. Andrus popped out to first. Hamilton flied out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 9th. Nathan pitching for Rangers. Trumbo grounded out to third. Morales flied out to center. Callaspo homered to right (365 feet). Kendrick singled to shallow center. Iannetta walked, Kendrick to second. Kendrick to third, Iannetta to second on wild pitch by Nathan. Izturis struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 9 - Rangers 15.	Hamilton saves Dempster's debut