White Sox - Top 1st. Haren pitching for Angels. De Aza struck out swinging. Youkilis struck out swinging. Dunn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Trout walked. Aybar sacrificed to catcher, Trout to second, Aybar safe at first on error by pitcher Quintana. Pujols hit ground rule double to deep left, Trout scored, Aybar to third. Hunter singled to left, Aybar scored, Pujols to third, Hunter thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. Kendrick walked. Kendrick stole second. Callaspo flied out to left. Trumbo singled to right, Pujols and Kendrick scored. Wells walked, Trumbo to second. Iannetta grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wells out at second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 2nd. Haren pitching for Angels. Konerko homered to left (378 feet). Rios grounded out to second. Pierzynski flied out to right. Viciedo grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Trout struck out looking. Aybar popped out to second. Pujols popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Haren pitching for Angels. Ramirez flied out to center. Beckham lined out to shortstop. De Aza reached on bunt single to third. Youkilis singled to left, De Aza to second. Dunn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Hunter grounded out to third. Kendrick singled to center. Callaspo singled to center, Kendrick to third, Callaspo thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. Trumbo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Haren pitching for Angels. Konerko fouled out to right. Rios singled to right. Pierzynski grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Rios out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Wells reached on infield single to second. Iannetta walked, Wells to second. Wells to third, Iannetta to second on balk by Quintana. Trout walked. Aybar struck out swinging. Pujols grounded out to, Wells tagged out at home, Iannetta to third, Trout to second. Hunter grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Haren pitching for Angels. Viciedo popped out to second. Ramirez singled to right. Ramirez stole second. Beckham flied out to center, Ramirez to third. De Aza popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. Callaspo grounded out to shortstop. Trumbo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Haren pitching for Angels. Youkilis walked. Dunn grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Youkilis out at second. Konerko grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Jones pitching for White Sox. Wells grounded out to shortstop. Iannetta grounded out to third. Trout struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Haren pitching for Angels. Rios singled to left. Maronde pitching for Angels. Pierzynski hit ground rule double to deep right, Rios to third. Richards pitching for Angels. Wise hit for Viciedo. Wise grounded out to second, Rios scored, Pierzynski to third. Ramirez grounded out to third. Beckham grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. De Aza in left field. Wise in center field. Jones pitching for White Sox. Aybar safe at first on error by pitcher Jones. Pujols grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Aybar out at second. Hunter grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 8th. Downs pitching for Angels. De Aza struck out swinging. Youkilis grounded out to third. Dunn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Myers pitching for White Sox. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. Callaspo doubled to right center. Trumbo grounded out to second, Callaspo to third. Wells struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Frieri pitching for Angels. Konerko popped out to first. Rios singled to right. Pierzynski struck out swinging. Rios to second on fielder's indifference. Wise popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 2 - Angels 4.	Angels down White Sox \n\n