Marlins - Top 1st. Koch pitching for Diamondbacks. Castro singled to center. Realmuto grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Castro out at second. Bour grounded into double play, third to shortstop to first, Realmuto out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Straily pitching for Marlins. Descalso struck out looking. Goldschmidt popped out to shortstop. Lamb walked. Murphy popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Koch pitching for Diamondbacks. Anderson doubled to deep center. Dietrich grounded out to second, Anderson to third. Maybin grounded out to third. Rojas struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Straily pitching for Marlins. Peralta flied out to left. Owings flied out to center. Ahmed grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Koch pitching for Diamondbacks. Brinson struck out swinging. Straily struck out looking. Castro grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Straily pitching for Marlins. Dyson grounded out to second. Koch struck out looking. Descalso walked. Goldschmidt lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Koch pitching for Diamondbacks. Realmuto fouled out to catcher. Bour lined out to center. Anderson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Straily pitching for Marlins. Lamb struck out swinging. Murphy struck out swinging. Peralta doubled to deep center. Owings lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Koch pitching for Diamondbacks. Dietrich singled to deep center. Maybin struck out swinging. Rojas grounded into double play, second to first, Dietrich out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Straily pitching for Marlins. Ahmed singled to right. Dyson walked, Ahmed to second. Koch walked, Ahmed to third, Dyson to second. Descalso grounded out to first, Ahmed scored, Dyson to third, Koch to second. Goldschmidt walked. Riddle at shortstop. Conley pitching for Marlins. Lamb grounded into double play, third to catcher to first, Dyson out at home. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Koch pitching for Diamondbacks. Brinson grounded out to third. Riddle struck out swinging. Castro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Conley pitching for Marlins. Murphy safe at first on error by third baseman Anderson. Peralta grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Murphy out at second. Owings struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 7th. Koch pitching for Diamondbacks. Realmuto flied out to right. Bour flied out to center. Anderson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Conley pitching for Marlins. Ahmed struck out swinging. Dyson walked. Marte hit for Koch. Marte doubled to right center, Dyson to third. Descalso hit sacrifice fly to deep center, Dyson scored, Marte scored, Descalso to third on error by center fielder Brinson. Steckenrider pitching for Marlins. Goldschmidt grounded into fielder's choice to second, Descalso out at home. Lamb walked, Goldschmidt to second. Murphy flied out to right. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 8th. Marte at second base. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Dietrich lined out to left. Maybin flied out to center. Shuck hit for Steckenrider. Shuck walked. Brinson hit ground rule double to deep right center, Shuck to third. Riddle struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Maybin in center field. Shuck in right field. Guerrero pitching for Marlins. Peralta homered to left (394 feet). Owings walked. Ahmed singled to right, Owings to second. Dyson lined out to center. Owings stole third, Ahmed stole second. Owings scored, Ahmed to third on wild pitch by Guerrero. Marte tripled to left, Ahmed scored. Avila hit for Bradley. Avila struck out swinging. Rucinski pitching for Marlins. Goldschmidt flied out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Barrett pitching for Diamondbacks. Castro walked. Realmuto grounded into fielder's choice to third, Castro out at second. Bour doubled to deep center, Realmuto scored. Anderson singled to right. Dietrich flied out to left. Maybin grounded into fielder's choice to second, Anderson out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 1 - Diamondbacks 6.	Koch shuts down Marlins, D-backs win 6-1 to complete sweep