Pirates - Top 1st. Buchholz pitching for Diamondbacks. Harrison flied out to center. Dickerson singled to right. Marte doubled to left, Dickerson to third. Moran walked. Díaz grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Moran out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Williams pitching for Pirates. Jay singled to deep left. Goldschmidt singled to left, Jay to second. Lamb grounded into fielder's choice to first, Jay scored on error by first baseman Bell, Goldschmidt safe at third on error by first baseman Bell. Murphy singled to left center, Goldschmidt scored, Lamb to second. Descalso popped out to second. Peralta grounded out to third, Lamb to third, Murphy to second. Marte tripled to deep right center, Lamb and Murphy scored. Dyson intentionally walked. Buchholz struck out looking. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 3 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Buchholz pitching for Diamondbacks. Bell struck out swinging. Polanco popped out to shortstop. Mercer doubled to center. Williams grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Williams pitching for Pirates. Jay grounded out to third. Goldschmidt singled to center. Lamb grounded into fielder's choice to second, Goldschmidt out at second. Murphy struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Buchholz pitching for Diamondbacks. Harrison singled to center. Dickerson flied out to center. Marte grounded into fielder's choice to third, Harrison out at second. Moran popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Williams pitching for Pirates. Descalso walked. Peralta tripled to right center, Descalso scored. Marte hit sacrifice fly to center, Peralta scored. Dyson grounded out to second. Buchholz lined out to first. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Buchholz pitching for Diamondbacks. Díaz doubled to deep right. Bell singled to left center, Díaz to third. Polanco reached first base on catcher's interference, Bell to second. Polanco batting. Mercer hit by pitch, Díaz scored, Bell to third, Polanco to second. Rodríguez hit for Williams. Rodríguez walked, Bell scored, Polanco to third, Mercer to second. Harrison hit sacrifice fly to center, Polanco scored, Mercer to third. Dickerson struck out swinging. Marte homered to right (380 feet), Mercer and Rodríguez scored. Moran grounded out to second. 6 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Rodríguez at shortstop. Brault pitching for Pirates. Jay singled to center. Goldschmidt walked, Jay to second. Lamb struck out swinging. Murphy singled to left, Jay to third, Goldschmidt to second. Descalso singled to left, Jay and Goldschmidt scored, Murphy to second. Peralta struck out swinging. Marte walked, Murphy to third, Descalso to second. Dyson grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Bracho pitching for Diamondbacks. Díaz walked. Bell doubled to left, Díaz to third. Polanco grounded out to first, Díaz scored, Bell to third. Brault struck out swinging. Rodríguez struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Marrero hit for Bracho. Brault pitching for Pirates. Marrero struck out swinging. Jay struck out looking. Goldschmidt walked. Goldschmidt caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Lamb batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Salas pitching for Diamondbacks. Harrison singled to left center. Dickerson grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Harrison out at second. Marte lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Brault pitching for Pirates. Lamb grounded out to shortstop. Murphy struck out swinging. Descalso grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Salas pitching for Diamondbacks. Moran doubled to left. Díaz struck out swinging. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Bell doubled to deep left, Moran scored. Polanco struck out swinging. Freese hit for Brault. Bell to third on wild pitch by Chafin. Freese walked. Ahmed at shortstop. Marte at second base. Hirano pitching for Diamondbacks. Rodríguez grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Neverauskas pitching for Pirates. Peralta lined out to center. Marte singled to center. Dyson walked, Marte to second. Ahmed struck out swinging. Jay homered to left (386 feet), Marte and Dyson scored. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Hirano pitching for Diamondbacks. Harrison singled to right. Dickerson grounded out to second, Harrison to second. Marte lined out to right. Shipley pitching for Diamondbacks. Moran struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Feliz pitching for Pirates. Lamb struck out swinging. Murphy struck out swinging. Shipley fouled out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Shipley pitching for Diamondbacks. Díaz flied out to center. Bell grounded out to pitcher. Polanco grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 8 - Diamondbacks 13.	Jay hits 3-run HR, D-backs top Pirates 13-8 for 5th straight