Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Pena pitching for Angels. Jay singled to left. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Jay to second on wild pitch by Peña. Lamb singled to left, Jay to third. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jay scored, Lamb out at second. Descalso struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Koch pitching for Diamondbacks. Kinsler homered to left (403 feet). Trout walked. Upton grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Trout out at second. Pujols grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Pena pitching for Angels. Marte walked. Murphy struck out looking. Ahmed struck out swinging. Dyson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Marte out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Koch pitching for Diamondbacks. Simmons lined out to shortstop. Calhoun flied out to left. Maldonado grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Pena pitching for Angels. Jay grounded out to third. Goldschmidt walked. Lamb walked, Goldschmidt to second. Goldschmidt to third, Lamb to second on wild pitch by Peña. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to first, Goldschmidt out at home, Lamb to third. Descalso struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Koch pitching for Diamondbacks. Young singled to left. Fletcher popped out to first. Kinsler grounded into fielder's choice to third, Young out at second. Trout walked, Kinsler to second. Upton popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Pena pitching for Angels. Marte grounded out to shortstop. Murphy struck out looking. Ahmed hit by pitch. Dyson popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Koch pitching for Diamondbacks. Pujols flied out to left. Simmons grounded out to second. Calhoun grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Álvarez pitching for Angels. Jay grounded out to pitcher. Goldschmidt flied out to center. Lamb walked. Peralta doubled to deep center, Lamb scored. Descalso struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Koch pitching for Diamondbacks. Maldonado hit by pitch. Young flied out to left. Fletcher singled to right center, Maldonado to third. Kinsler hit by pitch, Fletcher to second. Trout singled to center, Maldonado and Fletcher scored, Kinsler to third, Kinsler scored on throwing error by center fielder Dyson. Upton flied out to center. Pujols singled to right, Trout to third. Simmons grounded into fielder's choice to second, Pujols out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Bedrosian pitching for Angels. Marte grounded out to third. Murphy popped out to second. Ahmed grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Koch pitching for Diamondbacks. Calhoun homered to right center (390 feet). Maldonado lined out to shortstop. Young grounded out to third. Fletcher singled to right. Salas pitching for Diamondbacks. Kinsler walked, Fletcher to second. Trout reached first base on catcher's interference, Fletcher to third, Kinsler to second. Trout batting. Upton struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Bedrosian pitching for Angels. Dyson struck out swinging. Jay struck out swinging. Goldschmidt walked. Anderson pitching for Angels. Lamb walked, Goldschmidt to second. Peralta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Pujols struck out swinging. Simmons grounded out to third. Calhoun grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Parker pitching for Angels. Calhoun in center field. Valbuena at third base. Fletcher in right field. Descalso struck out swinging. Marte struck out swinging. Murphy struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks. Maldonado singled to left. Valbuena struck out swinging. Fletcher grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Maldonado out at second. Kinsler grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Parker pitching for Angels. Ahmed grounded out to third. Dyson struck out looking. Jay singled to left. Jay to second on fielder's indifference. Goldschmidt homered to right (409 feet), Jay scored. Lamb lined out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 4 - Angels 5.	Trout stays hot, Angels hold on for 5-4 win over Arizona