Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Marlins. Jay struck out swinging. Goldschmidt doubled to deep left. Lamb grounded out to second, Goldschmidt to third. Peralta struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Dietrich singled to center. Anderson grounded into double play, third to second to first, Dietrich out at second. Bour walked. Castro grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Marlins. Marte struck out swinging. Murphy singled to left center. Ahmed walked, Murphy to second. Dyson popped out to shortstop. Murphy to third, Ahmed to second on balk by Hernandez. Godley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Riddle doubled to deep center, Riddle out stretching at third. Rojas safe at first on error by shortstop Ahmed. Brinson flied out to left, Rojas to second. Holaday struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Marlins. Jay hit by pitch. Goldschmidt flied out to left, Jay to second. Lamb doubled to deep left, Jay scored. Peralta doubled to deep left, Lamb scored. Marte flied out to left. Murphy struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Hernandez struck out swinging. Dietrich struck out swinging. Anderson walked. Bour walked, Anderson to second. Castro grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bour out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Marlins. Ahmed struck out looking. Dyson struck out swinging. Godley walked. Jay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Riddle singled to right. Rojas grounded out to shortstop, Riddle to second. Brinson singled to right, Riddle to third, Brinson to second advancing on throw. Holaday grounded out to shortstop, Riddle scored, Brinson to third. Shuck hit for Hernandez. Shuck walked. Dietrich struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Meyer pitching for Marlins. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. Lamb walked. Peralta singled to center, Lamb to second. Marte struck out looking. Murphy doubled to deep left, Lamb and Peralta scored. Ahmed grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Anderson lined out to left. Bour grounded out to first. Castro homered to left (372 feet). Riddle grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Meyer pitching for Marlins. Dyson grounded out to shortstop. Godley grounded out to pitcher. Jay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Rojas singled to right. Salas pitching for Diamondbacks. Brinson flied out to left. Holaday flied out to left. Meyer grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Meyer pitching for Marlins. Goldschmidt walked. Goldschmidt to second on wild pitch by Meyer. Lamb safe at first on error by second baseman Castro, Goldschmidt to third. Peralta grounded out to pitcher, Lamb to second. Marte intentionally walked. Murphy hit sacrifice fly to right, Goldschmidt scored, Lamb to third. Ahmed flied out to center. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Dietrich struck out looking. Anderson reached on infield single to second. Bour struck out swinging. Anderson to second on wild pitch by Bradley. Castro walked. Riddle safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Marte, Anderson scored, Castro to third. Rojas struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Meyer pitching for Marlins. Dyson lined out to center. Descalso hit for Bradley. Descalso flied out to right. Jay grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Hirano pitching for Diamondbacks. Brinson flied out to right. Holaday hit by pitch. Maybin hit for Meyer. Maybin struck out looking. Dietrich singled to center, Holaday to second. Anderson reached on infield single to second, Holaday to third, Dietrich to second. Bour lined out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Anderson at third base. Rojas at first base. Maybin in right field. Wittgren pitching for Marlins. Goldschmidt grounded out to third. Lamb singled to left. Peralta singled to right, Lamb to third. Marte grounded out to first, Peralta to second. Murphy intentionally walked. Ahmed struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Boxberger pitching for Diamondbacks. Castro grounded out to pitcher. Riddle grounded out to second. Rojas struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 5 - Marlins 3.	Murphy's 3 RBIs leads Diamondbacks in 5-3 win