Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Richards pitching for Marlins. Jay grounded out to second. Goldschmidt singled to left. Lamb singled to center, Goldschmidt to second. Peralta walked, Goldschmidt to third, Lamb to second. Descalso grounded into fielder's choice to second, Goldschmidt scored, Peralta out at second, Lamb to third. Ahmed doubled to left, Lamb scored, Descalso to third. Dyson popped out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Dietrich hit by pitch. Anderson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Dietrich out at second. Bour fouled out to third. Castro grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Richards pitching for Marlins. Mathis struck out looking. Greinke singled to shallow center. Jay flied out to left. Greinke stole second. Goldschmidt singled to left, Greinke scored. Lamb struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Riddle singled to left center. Rojas struck out swinging. Shuck singled to right, Riddle to third. Holaday grounded into double play, third to second to first, Shuck out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Richards pitching for Marlins. Peralta struck out looking. Descalso walked. Ahmed grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Descalso out at second. Dyson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Richards struck out swinging. Dietrich safe at first on error by second baseman Descalso. Anderson fouled out to right, Dietrich to second. Bour reached on infield single to shortstop, Dietrich to third. Castro grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Richards pitching for Marlins. Mathis singled to center, Mathis out stretching at second. Greinke flied out to right. Jay grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Riddle grounded out to catcher. Rojas singled to left. Shuck flied out to center. Holaday singled to left, Rojas to second. Maybin hit for Richards. Maybin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Wittgren pitching for Marlins. Goldschmidt doubled to deep right. Lamb walked. Peralta grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Lamb out at second, Goldschmidt to third. Descalso popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Dietrich struck out swinging. Anderson fouled out to first. Bour lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Wittgren pitching for Marlins. Ahmed singled to left center. Dyson grounded out to shortstop, Ahmed to second. Mathis lined out to left. Greinke singled to right, Ahmed scored. Jay grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Greinke out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Castro lined out to center. Riddle singled to right center. Rojas struck out looking. Shuck struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Guerrero pitching for Marlins. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Lamb walked. Peralta popped out to shortstop. Lamb caught stealing second, pitcher to shortstop. Descalso batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Holaday singled to shallow right. Rivera hit for Guerrero. Rivera lined out to left. Dietrich flied out to left. Anderson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Graves pitching for Marlins. Descalso grounded out to second. Ahmed grounded out to third. Dyson reached on bunt single to pitcher. Dyson stole second. Mathis grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Marte at second base. Bour struck out swinging. Castro singled to center. Riddle singled to left, Castro to second. Rojas grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Riddle out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Graves pitching for Marlins. Marte singled to center. Jay grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Marte out at second. Goldschmidt lined out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 9th. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Shuck fouled out to third. Salas pitching for Diamondbacks. Holaday struck out swinging. Brinson hit for Graves. Brinson reached on infield single to pitcher, Brinson to second on throwing error by pitcher Salas. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Dietrich grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Final score: Diamondbacks 4 - Marlins 0.	Greinke's hitting and pitching help D-backs beat Marlins 4-0