Phillies - Top 1st. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Hernández singled to shallow center. Hoskins walked, Hernández to second. Williams flied out to left. Santana lined out to right. Cabrera walked, Hernández to third, Hoskins to second. Herrera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Pivetta pitching for Phillies. Peralta struck out swinging. Goldschmidt singled to right. Pollock struck out swinging. Escobar lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Franco grounded out to third. Alfaro struck out swinging. Pivetta walked. Hernández walked, Pivetta to second. Hoskins grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Pivetta pitching for Phillies. Souza Jr. struck out looking. Marte singled to center. Ahmed grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Marte out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Williams homered to right (369 feet). Santana flied out to center. Cabrera grounded out to third. Herrera grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Pivetta pitching for Phillies. Mathis struck out looking. Greinke grounded out to first. Peralta singled to left center. Goldschmidt fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Franco popped out to second. Alfaro struck out swinging. Pivetta struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Pivetta pitching for Phillies. Pollock singled to left. Escobar singled to center, Pollock to second. Souza Jr. grounded into double play, second to first, Escobar out at second, Pollock to third. Marte flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Hernández grounded out to first. Hoskins grounded out to second. Williams flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Pivetta pitching for Phillies. Ahmed grounded out to shortstop. Mathis struck out looking. Greinke grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Santana struck out swinging. Cabrera singled to right. Herrera flied out to left. Cabrera picked off first. Franco batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Pivetta pitching for Phillies. Peralta struck out swinging. Goldschmidt grounded out to second. Pollock walked. Escobar flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Franco lined out to right. Alfaro grounded out to third. Quinn hit for Pivetta. Quinn grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. García pitching for Phillies. Souza Jr. singled to center. Marte flied out to right. Ahmed grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Souza Jr. out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Diekman pitching for Diamondbacks. Hernández safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Diekman, Hernández scored on throwing error by right fielder Souza Jr.. Hoskins walked. Williams singled to left center, Hoskins to second. Santana walked, Hoskins to third, Williams to second. Cabrera doubled to deep right center, Hoskins and Williams scored, Santana to third. Herrera grounded out to pitcher. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Franco popped out to first. Alfaro singled to left center, Santana scored, Cabrera to third. Knapp hit for García. Knapp grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Loup pitching for Phillies. Mathis singled to left center. Descalso hit for Ziegler. Descalso struck out swinging. Peralta singled to center, Mathis to second. Arano pitching for Phillies. Goldschmidt doubled to deep center, Mathis scored, Peralta to third. Pollock safe at first on error by third baseman Franco, Peralta scored, Goldschmidt to third. Escobar grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Pollock out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 9th. Descalso at third base. McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks. Hernández grounded out to shortstop. Hoskins walked. Williams struck out swinging. Santana grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hoskins out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Neshek pitching for Phillies. Souza Jr. flied out to center. Marte flied out to center. Ahmed bunt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 5 - Diamondbacks 2.	Pivetta, Williams lead Phillies past Diamondbacks 5-2