Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Richard pitching for Padres. Jay grounded out to first. Escobar doubled to left. Pollock doubled to deep left, Escobar scored. Goldschmidt singled to left center, Pollock scored. Souza Jr. flied out to right. Ahmed grounded into fielder's choice to third, Goldschmidt out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Jankowski struck out looking. Myers struck out swinging. Hosmer walked. Renfroe grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hosmer out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Richard pitching for Padres. Marte grounded out to third. Murphy grounded out to pitcher. Godley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Spangenberg struck out swinging. Hedges struck out swinging. Galvis singled to left. Margot grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Galvis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Richard pitching for Padres. Jay singled to center. Escobar singled to right center, Jay to second. Pollock grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Escobar out at second, Jay to third. Goldschmidt singled to right, Jay scored. Souza Jr. flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Richard struck out swinging. Jankowski grounded out to first. Myers grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Richard pitching for Padres. Ahmed lined out to left. Marte grounded out to shortstop. Murphy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Hosmer walked. Renfroe reached on infield single to third, Hosmer to second. Spangenberg walked. Hedges struck out swinging. Galvis singled to center, Hosmer and Renfroe scored, Spangenberg to third. Margot hit sacrifice fly to center, Spangenberg scored. Richard grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Richard pitching for Padres. Godley grounded out to shortstop. Jay singled to center. Escobar singled to center, Jay to third. Pollock hit sacrifice fly to center, Jay scored. Goldschmidt doubled to left, Escobar scored. Goldschmidt to third on wild pitch by Richard. Souza Jr. struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Jankowski singled to left. Myers reached on infield single to third, Jankowski to second. Hosmer doubled to deep left, Jankowski scored, Myers to third. Renfroe struck out swinging. Spangenberg singled to left, Myers scored, Hosmer to third. Hedges singled to left, Hosmer scored, Spangenberg to second. Spangenberg to third, Hedges to second on wild pitch by Godley. Galvis walked. Margot fouled out to first. Reyes hit for Richard. Reyes grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Galvis out at second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Maton pitching for Padres. Ahmed reached on infield single to shortstop. Marte grounded out to second, Ahmed to second. Murphy fouled out to catcher. Peralta hit for Godley. Peralta fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks. Jankowski struck out swinging. Myers grounded out to pitcher. Hosmer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Maton pitching for Padres. Jay grounded out to second. Escobar struck out swinging. Pollock doubled to deep left. Goldschmidt singled to left, Pollock scored. Souza Jr. struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks. Renfroe lined out to second. Spangenberg struck out swinging. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Hedges grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Pirela at second base. Stammen pitching for Padres. Ahmed grounded out to shortstop. Marte struck out swinging. Murphy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Galvis flied out to right. Margot struck out swinging. Pirela struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Descalso hit for Bradley. Stammen pitching for Padres. Descalso flied out to center. Jay struck out looking. Escobar grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 9th. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Jankowski walked. Myers flied out to left. Hosmer grounded out to first, Jankowski to second. Hirano pitching for Diamondbacks. Renfroe intentionally walked. Villanueva hit for Stammen. Villanueva singled to left, Jankowski scored, Renfroe to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 6 - Padres 7.	Villanueva's walk-off single gives Padres win over D'Backs