Pirates - Top 1st. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Duffy walked. Wilson singled to right, Duffy to second, Duffy scored, Wilson to second on error by right fielder Wilson. Bay safe at first on error by shortstop Eckstein, Wilson to third. LaRoche struck out swinging. Nady singled to center, Wilson scored, Bay to second. Paulino grounded into double play, third to second to first, Nady out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates. Eckstein popped out to shortstop. Taguchi walked. Pujols lined into double play, second to first, Taguchi doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Bautista grounded out to third. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. Gorzelanny struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates. Rolen flied out to right. Wilson struck out looking. Edmonds grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Duffy flied out to center. Wilson singled to center. Bay singled to left, Wilson to second. LaRoche homered to right, Wilson and Bay scored. Nady grounded out to second. Paulino reached on infield single to shortstop. Bautista singled to center, Paulino to second. Castillo popped out to first. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates. Bennett grounded out to shortstop. Miles grounded out to shortstop. Wainwright grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Gorzelanny struck out swinging. Duffy walked. Duffy stole second. Wilson popped out to shortstop. Bay flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates. Eckstein walked. Taguchi grounded into double play, third to second to first, Eckstein out at second. Pujols flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. LaRoche grounded out to second. Nady hit by pitch. Paulino popped out to second. Nady stole second. Bautista struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates. Rolen singled to center. Wilson doubled to left, Rolen to third. Edmonds struck out swinging. Bennett hit sacrifice fly to right, Rolen scored, Wilson to third. Miles grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Castillo hit ground rule double to deep center. Gorzelanny sacrificed to third, Castillo to third. Duffy grounded into fielder's choice to first, Castillo out at third, Duffy to second. Wilson walked. Bay grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Schumaker hit for Wainwright. Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates. Schumaker grounded out to second. Eckstein safe at first on error by second baseman Castillo. Taguchi grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Eckstein out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 7th. Johnson pitching for Cardinals. LaRoche grounded out to second. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Nady singled to center. Paulino doubled to deep right center, Nady scored. Bautista grounded out to shortstop, Paulino to third. Castillo grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates. Pujols lined out to left. Rolen grounded out to shortstop. Wilson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Gorzelanny struck out looking. Duffy lined out to right. Wilson hit by pitch. Bay flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates. Edmonds fouled out to third. Bennett lined out to center. Spiezio hit for Thompson. Miles singled to right. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Spiezio grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. LaRoche flied out to left. Nady flied out to center. Paulino struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates. Eckstein fouled out to catcher. Taguchi doubled to left. Pujols walked. Capps pitching for Pirates. Rolen struck out swinging. Wilson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 6 - Cardinals 1.	Gorzelanny outduels Wainwright; Bucs top Cards