Pirates - Top 1st. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Bautista grounded out to third. Sanchez singled to right. Bay singled to left, Sanchez to second. LaRoche walked, Sanchez to third, Bay to second. Nady singled to right, Sanchez scored, Bay to third, LaRoche to second. Doumit struck out swinging. Paulino grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Duke pitching for Pirates. Eckstein singled to left. Duncan hit by pitch, Eckstein to second. Pujols popped out to first. Encarnacion grounded into fielder's choice to second, Duncan out at first. Rolen flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Wilson struck out looking. Duke singled to center. Bautista singled to left, Duke to second. Sanchez singled to left, Duke to third, Bautista to second. Bay struck out looking. LaRoche struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Duke pitching for Pirates. Molina singled to right. Edmonds fouled out to left. Miles singled to right center, Molina to second. Wainwright doubled to deep center, Molina and Miles scored. Eckstein grounded out to third. Duncan grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Nady grounded out to third. Doumit struck out swinging. Paulino grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Duke pitching for Pirates. Pujols singled to center. Encarnacion singled to left, Pujols to third, Encarnacion to second. Rolen hit sacrifice fly to center, Pujols scored. Molina lined into double play, first to shortstop, Encarnacion doubled off second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Wilson grounded out to pitcher. Duke singled to center. Bautista singled to right, Duke to second. Sanchez singled to center, Duke to third, Bautista to second. Bay hit sacrifice fly to left, Duke scored. LaRoche struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Duke pitching for Pirates. Edmonds grounded out to pitcher. Miles singled to center. Wainwright grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Miles out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Nady grounded out to shortstop. Doumit flied out to right. Paulino flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Duke pitching for Pirates. Eckstein singled to left center. Duncan doubled to deep right, Eckstein to third. Pujols flied out to right, Eckstein tagged out at home, Duncan to third. Encarnacion singled to left center, Duncan scored. Rolen singled to left center, Encarnacion to third, Rolen to second. Molina intentionally walked. Edmonds walked, Encarnacion scored, Rolen to third, Molina to second. Rogers pitching for Pirates. Miles singled to right, Rolen scored, Molina thrown out at home, Edmonds to second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Kelly hit for Rogers. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Wilson flied out to right. Johnson pitching for Cardinals. Kelly popped out to shortstop. Springer pitching for Cardinals. Chacon pitching for Pirates. Bautista struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Ludwick hit for Springer. Chacon pitching for Pirates. Ludwick hit by pitch. Ludwick stole second. Eckstein reached on bunt single to pitcher, Ludwick to third. Duncan homered to right, Ludwick and Eckstein scored. Pujols popped out to shortstop. Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop. Rolen singled to left. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Molina grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Sanchez grounded out to second. Bay hit by pitch. LaRoche grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first to shortstop to first, Bay out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Chacon pitching for Pirates. Edmonds flied out to left. Miles grounded out to first. Wellemeyer struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Nady singled to right. Doumit reached on infield single to pitcher, Nady to second. Paulino reached on infield single to second, Nady to third, Doumit to second. Wilson fouled out to catcher. McLouth hit for Chacon. McLouth struck out looking. Bautista walked, Nady scored, Doumit to third, Paulino to second. Sanchez safe at first on error by shortstop Eckstein, Doumit scored, Paulino to third, Bautista to second. Armas pitching for Pirates. Bay struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Armas pitching for Pirates. Eckstein popped out to second. Duncan struck out swinging. Jimenez pitching for Cardinals. Pujols flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Jimenez pitching for Cardinals. LaRoche flied out to left. Nady lined out to left. Doumit struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 4 - Cardinals 9.	Cards snap five-game skid with win vs. Pirates