Dodgers - Top 1st. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Furcal grounded out to shortstop. Pierre reached on bunt single to pitcher. Garciaparra flied out to left. Kent doubled to deep right, Pierre scored. Martin flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Bautista flied out to right. Duffy grounded out to shortstop. Sanchez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Ethier grounded out to second. Abreu struck out swinging. Clark flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Bay lined out to first. LaRoche grounded out to second. Nady struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Lowe lined out to center. Furcal grounded out to shortstop. Pierre struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Paulino struck out swinging. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. Maholm struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Garciaparra grounded out to shortstop. Kent grounded out to third. Martin grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Bautista grounded out to third. Duffy grounded out to third. Sanchez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Ethier singled to center. Abreu grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Ethier out at second. Clark singled to left. Lowe grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Clark out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Bay safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Abreu. LaRoche grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Bay out at second. Nady safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Abreu. Paulino grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Furcal singled to right center. Pierre safe at first on error by first baseman LaRoche, Furcal to third. Garciaparra grounded into fielder's choice to third, Furcal scored, Pierre out at second. Kent grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Garciaparra out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Wilson grounded out to second. Maholm struck out swinging. Bautista grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Martin singled to center. Ethier walked, Martin to second. Abreu lined out to center, Martin to third. Clark reached on infield single to shortstop, Martin scored, Ethier to second. Lowe struck out looking. Marte pitching for Pirates. Furcal doubled to deep right center, Ethier and Clark scored. Pierre grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Duffy walked. Sanchez singled to center, Duffy to third. Bay grounded into fielder's choice to third, Duffy scored, Sanchez out at second. LaRoche grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bay out at second, LaRoche to second on throwing error by shortstop Furcal. Nady homered to center, LaRoche scored. Sharpless pitching for Pirates. Paulino grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 8th. Sharpless pitching for Pirates. Garciaparra flied out to center. Kent grounded out to shortstop. Martin homered to left. Ethier grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. McLouth hit for Sharpless. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Wilson grounded out to third. McLouth struck out looking. Beimel pitching for Dodgers. Castillo hit for Duffy. Bautista homered to left. Armas pitching for Pirates. McLouth in center field. Castillo grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Armas pitching for Pirates. Abreu grounded out to pitcher. Betemit hit for Beimel. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Armas pitching for Pirates. McLouth in center field. Betemit hit for Beimel. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Clark flied out to right. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. Betemit struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. Sanchez singled to right. Bay grounded into fielder's choice to second, Sanchez out at second. LaRoche doubled to deep center, Bay scored. Doumit hit for Paulino. Nady walked. Doumit grounded into fielder's choice to second, Nady out at second, LaRoche to third. Wilson grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 6 - Pirates 5.	Lowe flirts with no-no vs. Pirates