Rangers - Top 1st. Snell pitching for Pirates. Lofton fouled out to shortstop. Catalanotto walked. Young struck out looking. Byrd struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Tejeda pitching for Rangers. Bautista doubled to left. Duffy safe at first on error by first baseman Wilkerson, Bautista to third. Sanchez hit ground rule double to deep center, Bautista scored, Duffy to third. Bay grounded out to shortstop, Duffy scored. LaRoche popped out to second. Nady grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 2nd. Snell pitching for Pirates. Wilkerson walked. Kinsler flied out to center. Melhuse singled to center, Wilkerson to third. Vazquez struck out swinging. Tejeda struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Tejeda pitching for Rangers. Castillo singled to right. Paulino popped out to second. Snell sacrificed to catcher, Castillo to second. Bautista singled to center, Castillo scored, Bautista to second on error by center fielder Lofton. Duffy popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 3rd. Snell pitching for Pirates. Lofton singled to left. Catalanotto singled to right, Lofton to third. Young lined out to third. Byrd grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Catalanotto out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Tejeda pitching for Rangers. Sanchez walked. Bay struck out looking. LaRoche singled to right, Sanchez to second. Nady struck out swinging. Castillo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Snell pitching for Pirates. Wilkerson flied out to left. Kinsler grounded out to third. Melhuse struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Tejeda pitching for Rangers. Paulino grounded out to third. Snell walked. Bautista walked, Snell to second. Duffy singled to right, Snell to third, Bautista to second. Sanchez hit sacrifice fly to center, Snell scored. Bay reached on infield single to shortstop, Bautista to third, Duffy to second. LaRoche lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Metcalf hit for Tejeda. Snell pitching for Pirates. Vazquez bunt grounded out to catcher. Metcalf flied out to center. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Lofton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Nady singled to center. Castillo doubled to deep center, Nady scored. Paulino walked. Snell sacrificed to first, Castillo to third, Paulino to second. Bautista tripled to deep center, Castillo and Paulino scored. Duffy reached on infield single to first, Bautista scored. Sanchez flied into double play, right to first, Duffy doubled off first. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Snell pitching for Pirates. Catalanotto singled to center. Young singled to center, Catalanotto to second. Byrd grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Young out at second, Catalanotto to third. Wilkerson safe at first on error by third baseman Bautista, Catalanotto scored, Byrd to second. Kinsler grounded into double play, third to second to first, Wilkerson out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Bay struck out looking. LaRoche grounded out to second. Nady struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Snell pitching for Pirates. Melhuse popped out to shortstop. Diaz hit for Benoit. Vazquez grounded out to second. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Diaz grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Castillo walked. Paulino grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Castillo out at second. Snell struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. McLouth in right field. Snell pitching for Pirates. Lofton singled to right. Catalanotto grounded into double play, third to second to first, Lofton out at second. Francisco pitching for Rangers. Hairston in center field. Young struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Francisco pitching for Rangers. Bautista lined out to center. Duffy grounded out to first. Sanchez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Snell pitching for Pirates. Byrd struck out swinging. Wilkerson singled to right. Kinsler flied out to left. Melhuse grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 1 - Pirates 8.	Pirates' Snell earns complete game win over Texas