Pirates - Top 1st. Owings pitching for Diamondbacks. McLouth popped out to second. Sanchez struck out swinging. LaRoche flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates. Young walked. Hudson singled to left, Young to second. Byrnes fouled out to first. Jackson grounded into double play, second to first, Hudson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Owings pitching for Diamondbacks. Bay grounded out to third. Doumit singled to right. Bautista walked, Doumit to second. Paulino struck out swinging. Wilson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates. Reynolds struck out swinging. Upton tripled to deep center. Snyder safe at first on error by shortstop Wilson, Upton scored. Drew struck out swinging. Owings flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 3rd. Owings pitching for Diamondbacks. Gorzelanny struck out swinging. McLouth singled to right. Sanchez popped out to shortstop. LaRoche struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates. Young walked. Hudson flied out to right. Young picked off first. Byrnes flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Owings pitching for Diamondbacks. Bay fouled out to first. Doumit walked. Bautista reached on infield single to pitcher, Doumit to second, Doumit to third, Bautista to second on throwing error by pitcher Owings. Paulino singled to right center, Doumit and Bautista scored, Paulino to second advancing on throw. Wilson doubled to deep center, Paulino scored. Gorzelanny lined into double play, second to shortstop, Wilson doubled off second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates. Jackson struck out swinging. Reynolds struck out swinging. Upton homered to left. Snyder struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Owings pitching for Diamondbacks. McLouth flied out to center. Sanchez walked. LaRoche grounded out to pitcher, Sanchez to second. Bay flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates. Drew struck out swinging. Owings struck out swinging. Young flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Owings pitching for Diamondbacks. Doumit popped out to second. Bautista lined out to center. Paulino grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates. Hudson struck out looking. Byrnes hit by pitch. Jackson fouled out to first. Reynolds struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Owings pitching for Diamondbacks. Wilson doubled to left. Gorzelanny sacrificed to third, Wilson to third. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. McLouth hit sacrifice fly to center, Wilson scored. Sanchez flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates. Upton doubled to deep center. Snyder flied into double play, left to shortstop, Upton doubled off second. Drew flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. LaRoche struck out looking. Bay safe at first on error by left fielder Byrnes. Doumit flied out to right. Bautista doubled to center, Bay scored. Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks. Paulino walked. Wilson struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Torres pitching for Pirates. Ojeda hit for Cruz. Ojeda bunt popped out to first. Young struck out swinging. Hudson homered to left. Byrnes flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks. Izturis hit for Torres. Izturis singled to right center. McLouth reached on bunt single to pitcher, Izturis to second. Sanchez singled to left, Izturis scored, McLouth to second. LaRoche grounded into fielder's choice to first, McLouth scored on throwing error by first baseman Jackson, Sanchez safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Jackson. Bay popped out to second. Doumit grounded into fielder's choice to first, LaRoche out at second, Sanchez to third, Sanchez scored on throwing error by shortstop Drew. Bautista popped out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Capps pitching for Pirates. Jackson flied out to left. Tracy hit for Reynolds. Tracy grounded out to second. Upton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 8 - Diamondbacks 3.	Bucs ruin Upton's big night in 'Zona