Pirates - Top 1st. Maroth pitching for Cardinals. McLouth popped out to second. Bautista singled to center. Sanchez popped out to shortstop. Phelps singled to center, Bautista to second. Bay walked, Bautista to third, Phelps to second. Pearce struck out looking. 0 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Bullington pitching for Pirates. Eckstein singled to center. Ankiel grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Eckstein out at second. Pujols walked. Ludwick singled to center, Pujols to third. Duncan singled to center, Pujols scored, Ludwick to second. Molina singled to center, Ludwick scored, Duncan to second. Miles grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 8 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Maroth pitching for Cardinals. Wilson grounded out to pitcher. Maldonado popped out to second. Bullington singled to right. McLouth singled to left, Bullington to second. Bautista singled to left, Bullington scored, McLouth to second. Sanchez singled to center, McLouth scored, Bautista to third, Sanchez to second advancing on throw. Phelps walked. Jimenez pitching for Cardinals. Bay struck out looking. 2 Runs, 8 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Barden hit for Jimenez. Bullington pitching for Pirates. Barden walked. Ryan singled to center, Barden to second. Eckstein sacrificed to pitcher, Barden to third, Ryan to second. Ankiel homered to right, Barden and Ryan scored. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. Ludwick grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Percival pitching for Cardinals. Pearce flied out to center. Wilson popped out to second. Maldonado popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Bullington pitching for Pirates. Duncan grounded out to first. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Miles singled to center. Percival struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Kata hit for Bullington. Percival pitching for Cardinals. Kata doubled to center. McLouth bunt grounded out to first, Kata to third. Bautista grounded out to shortstop, Kata scored. Sanchez singled to center. Phelps struck out swinging. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Van Benschoten pitching for Pirates. Ryan singled to left. Eckstein flied out to right. Ankiel walked, Ryan to second. Pujols singled to left, Ryan scored, Ankiel to second. Ludwick singled to center, Ankiel scored, Pujols to third, Ludwick to second advancing on throw. Duncan intentionally walked. Molina grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Duncan out at second. 2 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Springer pitching for Cardinals. Schumaker in left field. Bay grounded out to shortstop. Pearce popped out to third. Wilson singled to center. Maldonado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Van Benschoten pitching for Pirates. Miles singled to center. Schumaker singled to deep left, Miles to third. Ryan struck out swinging. Miles scored, Schumaker to second on wild pitch by Van Benschoten. Eckstein singled to center, Schumaker scored. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Ankiel homered to right, Eckstein scored. Pujols doubled to left. Ludwick grounded out to second, Pujols to third. Cairo hit for Springer. Cairo singled to left, Pujols scored. Molina singled to left, Cairo to second. Miles singled to center, Cairo to third, Molina to second. Schumaker struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 16 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Stinnett catching. Castillo hit for Grabow. Castillo grounded out to pitcher. McLouth flied out to left. Bautista flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Davidson pitching for Pirates. Castillo at third base. Ryan singled to center. Eckstein doubled to left, Ryan to third. Ankiel doubled to deep right, Ryan and Eckstein scored. Pujols grounded out to second, Ankiel to third. Ludwick hit by pitch. Taguchi hit for Flores. Taguchi singled to left, Ankiel scored, Ludwick to second. Stinnett safe at first on error by third baseman Castillo, Ludwick to third, Taguchi to second. Miles grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ludwick scored, Stinnett out at second, Taguchi to third. Schumaker grounded into fielder's choice to third, Miles out at second. 4 Runs, 8 Hits, 2 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Branyan at third base. An Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Taguchi in center field. Ryan at shortstop. Izturis hit for Sanchez. Izturis flied out to left. Phelps walked. Morgan hit for Bay. Morgan grounded into fielder's choice to third, Phelps out at second. Pearce struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. McLouth in left field. Perez pitching for Pirates. Izturis at third base. Morgan in center field. Castillo at second base. Ryan flied out to center. Branyan struck out swinging. An Reyes grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Wilson doubled to left center. Maldonado doubled to left, Wilson scored. Castillo flied out to right. McLouth grounded out to first, Maldonado to third. Paulino hit for Perez. Paulino walked. Izturis flied out to left. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Youman pitching for Pirates. Pujols fouled out to first. Ludwick grounded out to shortstop. Taguchi grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Edmonds at first base. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Phelps hit by pitch. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 4 - Cardinals 16.	Cards' Ankiel sparks rout with 2 HRs, 7 RBIs