Cardinals - Top 1st. Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates. Eckstein flied out to left. Taguchi grounded out to shortstop. Pujols flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Morgan doubled to deep right. Kata sacrificed to third, Morgan to third. LaRoche hit ground rule double to left, Morgan scored. Nady flied out to right, LaRoche to third. Bautista doubled to left, LaRoche scored. Paulino walked. Pearce singled to left, Bautista scored, Paulino to second. Wilson flied out to right. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates. Ludwick walked. Cairo singled to right, Ludwick to third. Ankiel singled to right, Ludwick scored, Cairo to third. Bennett reached on infield single to third, Cairo scored, Ankiel to second. Ankiel picked off second. Wainwright struck out looking. Miles grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Gorzelanny grounded out to shortstop. Morgan grounded out to shortstop. Kata grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates. Eckstein singled to center. Taguchi grounded out to second, Eckstein to second. Pujols singled to right, Eckstein out at home, Pujols to second advancing on throw. Ludwick flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. LaRoche grounded out to second. Nady grounded out to third. Bautista grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates. Cairo grounded out to third. Ankiel homered to right. Bennett singled to left. Wainwright sacrificed to pitcher, Bennett to second. Miles walked. Eckstein singled to center, Bennett scored, Miles to second. Taguchi flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Paulino singled to center. Pearce grounded into double play, third to second to first, Paulino out at second. Wilson grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates. Pujols doubled to deep left. Ludwick sacrificed into fielder's choice to first, Pujols to third. Cairo grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ludwick out at second. Ankiel singled to left, Pujols scored, Cairo to second. Bennett grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ankiel out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Barden at third base. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Gorzelanny flied out to right. Morgan fouled out to third. Kata grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates. Wainwright flied out to right. Miles walked. Eckstein grounded out to third, Miles to second. Taguchi singled to center, Miles scored. Izturis at shortstop. Pujols flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. LaRoche struck out swinging. Nady grounded out to shortstop. Bautista flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Sanchez pitching for Pirates. Ludwick flied out to left. Barden struck out looking. Ankiel grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Paulino singled to center. Pearce flied out to center. Izturis flied out to left. Phelps hit for Sanchez. Phelps struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Torres pitching for Pirates. Bennett singled to right center. Schumaker hit for Wainwright. Schumaker grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bennett out at second. Miles safe at first on error by pitcher Torres. Eckstein grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Morgan bunt grounded out to catcher. Kata popped out to third. LaRoche hit by pitch. Franklin pitching for Cardinals. Nady struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Torres pitching for Pirates. Taguchi doubled to right. Pujols singled to center, Taguchi scored. Ludwick struck out swinging. Barden grounded into double play, third to second to first, Pujols out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Falkenborg pitching for Cardinals. Bautista grounded out to shortstop. Paulino struck out swinging. Pearce struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 7 - Pirates 3.	Wainwright shakes off rocky start in Cards' victory