Padres - Top 1st . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Cordero struck out looking . Myers doubled to deep right . Hosmer singled to right , Myers to third . Myers scored , Hosmer to second on balk by Bettis . Pirela singled to right , Hosmer to third . Asuaje homered to right ( 400 feet ) , Hosmer and Pirela scored . Galvis struck out swinging . Spangenberg lined out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Mitchell pitching for Padres . LeMahieu singled to right . Blackmon struck out swinging . LeMahieu stole second , LeMahieu safe at third on throwing error by catcher Ellis . Arenado homered to left ( 370 feet ) , LeMahieu scored . Dahl reached on infield single to shortstop . Story homered to left ( 464 feet ) , Dahl scored . Desmond grounded out to third . McMahon walked . Wolters lined out to center . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 2nd . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Ellis struck out swinging . Mitchell grounded out to shortstop . Cordero lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Mitchell pitching for Padres . Bettis grounded out to pitcher . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . Blackmon struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Myers flied out to right . Hosmer walked . Pirela singled to deep left center , Hosmer to second . Asuaje struck out looking . Galvis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Mitchell pitching for Padres . Arenado flied out to left . Dahl popped out to shortstop . Story walked . Story stole second . Desmond doubled to right , Story scored . McMahon grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Spangenberg grounded out to second . Ellis flied out to center . Mitchell grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Mitchell pitching for Padres . Wolters grounded out to second . Bettis grounded out to second . LeMahieu singled to right center . LeMahieu caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Blackmon batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Cordero struck out swinging . Myers grounded out to pitcher . Hosmer walked . Pirela grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Mitchell pitching for Padres . Blackmon grounded out to first . Arenado singled to center . Dahl singled to shallow center , Arenado to second . Story grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Dahl out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Musgrave pitching for Rockies . Asuaje grounded out to first . Galvis struck out swinging . Spangenberg bunt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Mitchell pitching for Padres . Desmond grounded out to pitcher . Erlin pitching for Padres . McMahon struck out looking . Wolters struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . McGee pitching for Rockies . Ellis struck out looking . Szczur hit for Erlin . Szczur doubled to deep left center . Cordero homered to center ( 456 feet ) , Szczur scored . Myers singled to left . Hosmer walked , Myers to second . Valaika at first base . Oberg pitching for Rockies . Myers stole third , Hosmer stole second . Pirela grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Myers out at home , Hosmer to third . Asuaje singled to center , Hosmer scored , Pirela to second . Galvis walked , Pirela to third , Asuaje to second . Spangenberg singled to shallow right , Pirela and Asuaje scored , Galvis to second . Ellis walked , Galvis to third , Spangenberg to second . Szczur singled to right , Galvis and Spangenberg scored , Ellis to second . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Cordero reached on infield single to shortstop , Ellis to third , Szczur to second . Myers doubled to left , Ellis and Szczur scored , Cordero to third . Hosmer walked . Pirela grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hosmer out at second . 9 Runs , 8 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Szczur in left field . Stammen pitching for Padres . Valaika singled to center . LeMahieu flied out to left . Blackmon grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Valaika out at second . Arenado lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Asuaje flied out to right . Galvis reached on infield single to shortstop . Spangenberg grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Galvis out at second . Ellis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Lyles pitching for Padres . Dahl struck out swinging . Story lined out to left . Desmond grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Szczur grounded out to second . Cordero grounded out to pitcher . Myers singled to shallow center . Hosmer singled to left , Myers to second . Lyles struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Cuevas hit for Senzatela . Lyles pitching for Padres . Cuevas struck out swinging . Wolters grounded out to second . Valaika grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 13 - Rockies 5 .	Padres score 9 runs in 7th inning , beat Rockies 13 - 5