Pirates - Top 1st . Lauer pitching for Padres . Marte flied out to center . Bell singled to center . Harrison singled to center , Bell to third , Harrison to second advancing on throw . Bell scored , Harrison to third on passed ball by Hedges . Freese grounded out to second . Díaz flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Musgrove pitching for Pirates . Jankowski grounded out to shortstop . Margot grounded out to third . Hosmer grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Lauer pitching for Padres . Dickerson flied out to left . Polanco reached on bunt single to shortstop . Polanco to second on balk by Lauer . Mercer struck out swinging . Musgrove grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Musgrove pitching for Pirates . Myers singled to right . Myers stole second . Spangenberg sacrificed to pitcher , Myers to third . Villanueva popped out to second . Galvis walked . Hedges struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Lauer pitching for Padres . Marte singled to center . Marte stole second , Marte safe at third on throwing error by catcher Hedges . Bell doubled to left , Marte scored . Harrison singled to right center , Bell to third . Freese struck out swinging . Díaz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bell scored , Harrison safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Galvis . Dickerson struck out swinging . Polanco doubled to right , Harrison and Díaz scored , Polanco out stretching at third . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Musgrove pitching for Pirates . Lauer struck out looking . Jankowski walked . Margot flied out to center . Hosmer singled to left , Jankowski to third . Myers lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Lauer pitching for Padres . Mercer homered to center ( 415 feet ) . Musgrove singled to center . Marte lined out to left . Bell grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Musgrove out at second . Harrison flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Musgrove pitching for Pirates . Spangenberg grounded out to shortstop . Villanueva flied out to center . Galvis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Lauer pitching for Padres . Freese grounded out to third . Díaz flied out to center . Dickerson popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Musgrove pitching for Pirates . Hedges grounded out to shortstop . Szczur hit for Lauer . Szczur struck out looking . Jankowski reached on infield single to third . Margot flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Makita pitching for Padres . Polanco struck out swinging . Mercer singled to right . Musgrove sacrificed to pitcher , Mercer to second . Marte struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Musgrove pitching for Pirates . Hosmer reached on infield single to third . Myers struck out looking . Spangenberg singled to right , Hosmer to second . Villanueva grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hosmer out at third , Spangenberg to second . Galvis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Makita pitching for Padres . Bell struck out swinging . Harrison fouled out to first . Freese lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Musgrove pitching for Pirates . Hedges singled to left . Renfroe hit for Makita . Renfroe singled to left center , Hedges to third . Jankowski popped out to shortstop . Margot grounded into double play , third to second to first , Renfroe out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Renfroe in right field . Stock pitching for Padres . Díaz hit by pitch . Dickerson grounded out to pitcher , Díaz to second . Polanco struck out looking . Mercer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Brault pitching for Pirates . Hosmer reached on infield single to shortstop . Myers singled to center , Hosmer to second . Hosmer to third , Myers to second on wild pitch by Brault . Spangenberg grounded out to shortstop , Hosmer scored , Myers to third . Crick pitching for Pirates . Villanueva singled to center , Myers scored . Galvis struck out swinging . Hedges flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Castillo pitching for Padres . Osuna hit for Crick . Osuna doubled to deep center , Osuna out stretching at third . Marte flied out to right . Bell grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 9th . Santana pitching for Pirates . Renfroe doubled to left . Pirela hit for Castillo . Pirela grounded out to second , Renfroe to third . Margot singled to left center , Renfroe scored . Vázquez pitching for Pirates . Hosmer struck out swinging . Myers struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 6 - Padres 3 .	Musgrove pitches 7 strong innings to beat hometown Padres