Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Ross pitching for Padres . Jay singled to center . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Peralta grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Jay out at second . Pollock flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Margot struck out swinging . Myers grounded out to pitcher . Renfroe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Ross pitching for Padres . Escobar walked . Marte walked , Escobar to second . Descalso walked , Escobar to third , Marte to second . Mathis singled to right , Escobar scored , Marte to third , Descalso to second . Corbin singled to center , Marte scored , Descalso to third , Mathis to second . Jay grounded out to first , Descalso scored , Mathis to third , Corbin to second . Goldschmidt singled to right , Mathis scored , Corbin to third . Peralta grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Goldschmidt out at second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Hosmer struck out swinging . Villanueva struck out swinging . Galvis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Ross pitching for Padres . Pollock grounded out to shortstop . Escobar flied out to center . Marte doubled to shallow left . Descalso grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Pirela doubled to right . Hedges struck out swinging . Ross reached on infield single to third . Margot doubled to left , Pirela scored , Ross to third . Myers doubled to deep center , Ross and Margot scored . Renfroe lined out to right , Myers to third . Hosmer grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Ross pitching for Padres . Mathis lined out to shortstop . Corbin singled to center . Jay grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Corbin out at second . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Villanueva walked . Galvis grounded out to first , Villanueva to second . Pirela grounded out to pitcher . Hedges intentionally walked . Ross singled to center , Villanueva scored , Hedges to third . Margot grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Ross pitching for Padres . Peralta walked . Pollock struck out looking . Escobar lined out to right . Marte lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 5th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Myers struck out swinging . Renfroe struck out swinging . Hosmer grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Castillo pitching for Padres . Descalso singled to deep right center . Mathis walked , Descalso to second . Corbin struck out bunting foul . Jay lined out to right . Stammen pitching for Padres . Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Villanueva grounded out to third . Galvis doubled to shallow center . Pirela struck out swinging . Hedges grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Stammen pitching for Padres . Peralta grounded out to second . Pollock struck out swinging . Escobar singled to right . Marte grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Jankowski hit for Stammen . Jankowski lined out to pitcher . Margot lined out to right . Myers grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Maton pitching for Padres . Descalso singled to center . Mathis sacrificed to first , Descalso to second . Owings hit for Bradley . Descalso to third on wild pitch by Maton . Owings walked . Yates pitching for Padres . Jay doubled to deep right , Descalso and Owings scored . Goldschmidt singled to right center , Jay scored . Peralta grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Goldschmidt out at second . Pollock flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Marte at second base . Ahmed at shortstop . Hirano pitching for Diamondbacks . Renfroe flied out to left . Hosmer singled to left center . Villanueva flied out to right . Galvis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Hughes pitching for Padres . Escobar doubled to deep right . Marte grounded out to third . Ahmed struck out swinging . Mathis hit ground rule double to deep right center , Escobar scored . Avila hit for Hirano . Avila doubled to deep center , Mathis scored . Jay singled to right center , Avila to third . Goldschmidt flied out to right . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 9th . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Pirela grounded out to pitcher . Hedges walked . Asuaje hit for Hughes . Asuaje grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hedges out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 9 - Padres 4 .	Jay 's go - ahead double , 3 RBIs help Arizona beat Padres 9 - 4