Marlins - Top 1st. Velasquez pitching for Phillies. Dietrich singled to right. Brinson grounded out to shortstop, Dietrich to second. Dietrich to third on wild pitch by Velasquez, Dietrich scored on throwing error by catcher Alfaro. Castro doubled to deep right center. Bour struck out swinging. Anderson flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Peters pitching for Marlins. Hernández walked. Santana singled to right, Hernández to second. Kingery singled to right, Hernández to third, Santana to second. Hoskins walked, Hernández scored, Santana to third, Kingery to second. Herrera struck out swinging. Franco homered to left center (396 feet), Santana, Kingery and Hoskins scored. Altherr flied out to center. Alfaro struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Velasquez pitching for Phillies. Maybin singled to left. Rojas singled to right center, Maybin to third. Wallach struck out swinging. Peters struck out bunting foul. Dietrich popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Peters pitching for Marlins. Velasquez singled to right. Hernández grounded into double play, second to first, Velasquez out at second. Santana grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Velasquez pitching for Phillies. Brinson walked. Castro grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Brinson out at second. Castro to second on wild pitch by Velasquez. Bour lined out to center. Anderson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Peters pitching for Marlins. Kingery struck out swinging. Hoskins singled to left. Herrera singled to right, Hoskins to second. Franco walked, Hoskins to third, Herrera to second. Altherr homered to left (371 feet), Hoskins, Herrera and Franco scored. Alfaro singled to left. Velasquez fouled out to catcher. Hernández singled to left, Alfaro to second. Turner pitching for Marlins. Santana popped out to second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Velasquez pitching for Phillies. Maybin struck out looking. Rojas lined out to left. Wallach struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Turner pitching for Marlins. Kingery struck out looking. Hoskins walked. Herrera doubled to deep right, Hoskins to third. Franco doubled to deep center, Hoskins and Herrera scored. Altherr walked. Alfaro singled to center, Franco scored, Altherr to second. Velasquez singled to right, Altherr to third, Alfaro to second. Hernández grounded out to pitcher, Altherr scored, Alfaro to third, Velasquez to second. Santana homered to right (389 feet), Alfaro and Velasquez scored. Kingery walked. Hoskins doubled to deep right, Kingery scored. Telis catching. O'Grady pitching for Marlins. Herrera struck out swinging. 8 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Velasquez pitching for Phillies. Telis flied out to left. Dietrich grounded out to second. Brinson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. O'Grady pitching for Marlins. Franco flied out to center. Altherr struck out swinging. Alfaro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Williams in left field. Florimón at shortstop. Kingery at second base. Hoskins at first base. Velasquez pitching for Phillies. Castro grounded out to shortstop. Bour grounded out to first. Anderson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Rivera at second base. Guerrero pitching for Marlins. Velasquez struck out swinging. Williams singled to right. Florimón singled to right, Williams to second. Kingery doubled to left, Williams scored, Florimón to third. Hoskins hit sacrifice fly to right, Florimón scored. Herrera reached on infield single to pitcher, Kingery to third. Franco flied out to left. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Thompson pitching for Phillies. Maybin struck out swinging. Rojas struck out swinging. Rivera flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Lee in right field. Tazawa pitching for Marlins. Altherr struck out swinging. Alfaro homered to right center (433 feet). Thompson struck out looking. Williams grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Thompson pitching for Phillies. Telis grounded out to third. Dietrich struck out looking. Brinson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Holaday pitching for Marlins. Florimón flied out to right. Kingery fouled out to catcher. Hoskins struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Thompson pitching for Phillies. Lee reached on infield single to second. Bour struck out swinging. Anderson grounded out to catcher, Lee to second. Holaday grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 1 - Phillies 20.	Phillies spear Marlins 20-1, most runs since '09