Marlins - Top 1st. Finnegan pitching for Reds. Realmuto walked. Prado grounded into fielder's choice to third, Realmuto safe at third on throwing error by second baseman Gennett, Prado safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Gennett. Castro singled to left center, Realmuto and Prado scored. Anderson walked, Castro to second. Bour grounded out to second, Castro to third, Anderson to second. Maybin singled to left center, Castro scored, Anderson to third. Brinson grounded out to pitcher, Anderson scored, Maybin to second. Rivera intentionally walked. Straily struck out looking. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Bottom 1st. Straily pitching for Marlins. Peraza grounded out to shortstop. Winker flied out to center. Votto singled to deep center. Gennett walked, Votto to second. Suárez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Finnegan pitching for Reds. Realmuto doubled to left. Prado grounded out to first, Realmuto to third. Castro hit sacrifice fly to left, Realmuto scored. Anderson grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 2nd. Straily pitching for Marlins. Schebler grounded out to pitcher. Barnhart struck out swinging. Finnegan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Finnegan pitching for Reds. Bour flied out to right. Maybin grounded out to shortstop. Brinson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 3rd. Straily pitching for Marlins. Hamilton grounded out to second. Peraza flied out to left. Winker walked. Votto homered to left (382 feet), Winker scored. Gennett doubled to deep right center. Suárez grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Finnegan pitching for Reds. Rivera struck out looking. Straily singled to left. Floro pitching for Reds. Realmuto singled to center, Straily to second. Prado struck out swinging. Castro grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 4th. Straily pitching for Marlins. Schebler walked. Barnhart lined out to right. Floro sacrificed to third, Schebler to second. Hamilton walked. Peraza lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Reds. Anderson struck out swinging. Bour struck out swinging. Maybin hit by pitch. Maybin to second on balk by Hernandez. Brinson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 5th. Maybin in center field. Shuck in left field. Wittgren pitching for Marlins. Winker grounded out to first. Votto struck out looking. Gennett struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Reds. Rivera grounded out to third. Shuck struck out swinging. Realmuto walked. Prado flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 6th. Wittgren pitching for Marlins. Suárez grounded out to first. Schebler struck out swinging. Barnhart singled to deep left center. Duvall hit for Hernandez. Duvall struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Shackelford pitching for Reds. Castro singled to center. Castro to second on passed ball by Barnhart. Anderson struck out swinging. Bour intentionally walked. Maybin doubled to left, Castro scored, Bour to third. Dietrich hit for Wittgren. Garrett pitching for Reds. Dietrich struck out swinging. Rivera walked. Shuck struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 7th. Guerrero pitching for Marlins. Hamilton doubled to right. Peraza lined out to center. Winker fouled out to left. Votto doubled to deep right, Hamilton scored. Gennett struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Brice pitching for Reds. Realmuto struck out swinging. Prado grounded out to third. Castro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 8th. Barraclough pitching for Marlins. Suárez flied out to right. Schebler grounded out to second. Barnhart singled to right. Mesoraco hit for Brice. Mesoraco flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Peralta pitching for Reds. Anderson walked. Bour singled to right, Anderson to third. Maybin struck out swinging. Rojas hit for Barraclough. Rojas singled to center, Anderson scored, Bour to second. Rivera reached on infield single to shortstop, Bour to third, Rojas to second. Shuck grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bour scored, Rojas safe at third on error by third baseman Suárez, Rivera to second. Realmuto grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Rojas out at home, Rivera to third, Shuck to second. Prado grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Bottom 9th. Rojas at first base. Tazawa pitching for Marlins. Hamilton walked. Peraza doubled to right, Hamilton to third. Winker grounded out to first, Hamilton scored, Peraza to third. Votto singled to right, Peraza scored. Ziegler pitching for Marlins. Gennett grounded into fielder's choice to second, Votto out at second, Gennett to second on throwing error by shortstop Rivera. Suárez safe at first on error by shortstop Rivera, Gennett to third. Schebler struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Final score: Marlins 8 - Reds 5.	Castro has 3 RBIs again to help Marlins beat Reds 8-5