Marlins - Top 1st. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Castro popped out to shortstop. Dietrich struck out swinging. Realmuto hit by pitch. Bour struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Chen pitching for Marlins. Carpenter grounded out to second. Pham grounded out to shortstop. Martínez singled to left. Ozuna grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Anderson struck out swinging. Rojas safe at first on error by shortstop Muñoz. Riddle lined out to left. Brinson singled to left, Rojas to third, Brinson to second advancing on throw. Chen grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Chen pitching for Marlins. Molina struck out swinging. Gyorko doubled to deep center. Bader grounded out to third. Muñoz intentionally walked. Flaherty grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gyorko out at third, Muñoz to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Castro singled to right. Dietrich homered to right center (381 feet), Castro scored. Realmuto doubled to deep right center. Bour reached on infield single to shortstop, Realmuto to third. Anderson grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Realmuto scored, Bour out at second. Rojas grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Anderson out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Chen pitching for Marlins. Carpenter lined out to center. Pham reached on infield single to shortstop. Martínez doubled to deep left, Pham scored. Ozuna lined out to right. Molina grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Riddle flied out to center. Brinson struck out looking. Chen struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Chen pitching for Marlins. Gyorko flied out to right. Bader doubled to deep right center. Bader to third on wild pitch by Chen. Muñoz hit sacrifice fly to right, Bader scored. Flaherty struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Castro struck out swinging. Dietrich singled to right. Realmuto flied out to left. Bour walked, Dietrich to second. Anderson doubled to right center, Dietrich scored, Bour to third. Rojas safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Muñoz, Bour scored, Anderson to third. Riddle singled to deep right center, Anderson scored, Rojas to second. Brinson grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Chen pitching for Marlins. Carpenter grounded out to shortstop. Pham singled to shallow right center. Martínez walked, Pham to second. Rucinski pitching for Marlins. Ozuna grounded into fielder's choice to third, Martínez out at second, Pham to third. Molina struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Cecil pitching for Cardinals. Rucinski struck out looking. Castro doubled to deep right center. Dietrich singled to right, Castro scored, Dietrich out stretching at second. Realmuto tripled to deep right. Bour safe at first on error by shortstop Muñoz, Realmuto scored. Anderson walked, Bour to second. Rojas grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Rucinski pitching for Marlins. Gyorko grounded out to second. Bader struck out looking. Muñoz flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Peña catching. Guilmet pitching for Cardinals. Riddle struck out swinging. Brinson homered to left center (392 feet). Rucinski struck out looking. Castro doubled to right. Dietrich reached on infield single to second, Castro to third. Realmuto doubled to left, Castro scored, Dietrich to third. Bour struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Rucinski pitching for Marlins. Peña grounded out to second. Carpenter doubled to deep left center. Pham flied out to right, Carpenter to third. Martínez singled to right, Carpenter scored. Shuck in left field. Cloyd pitching for Marlins. Ozuna struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Voit at first base. Brebbia pitching for Cardinals. Anderson fouled out to right. Rojas grounded out to second. Riddle grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Cloyd pitching for Marlins. Voit flied out to right. Gyorko flied out to right. Bader struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Wong at second base. Gyorko pitching for Cardinals. Brinson homered to left center (412 feet). Shuck flied out to left. Castro doubled to left. Cloyd grounded out to shortstop. Realmuto hit by pitch. Bour grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Cloyd pitching for Marlins. Muñoz grounded out to second. Peña struck out swinging. Carpenter flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 11 - Cardinals 3.	Dietrich homers, gets 4 hits as Marlins beat Cardinals 11-3