Marlins - Top 1st. Price pitching for Red Sox. Ortega grounded out to second. Anderson struck out looking. Realmuto singled to shallow left. Castro flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Richards pitching for Marlins. Betts lined out to right. Benintendi struck out swinging. Pearce struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Price pitching for Red Sox. Dietrich homered to right (422 feet). Dean struck out swinging. Rojas grounded out to first. Riddle popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Richards pitching for Marlins. Martinez struck out swinging. Bogaerts lined out to second. Núñez homered to left (364 feet). Kinsler lined out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Price pitching for Red Sox. Galloway struck out looking. Ortega reached on infield single to pitcher. Anderson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Ortega out at second. Realmuto doubled to deep center, Anderson scored. Castro singled to right center, Realmuto scored. Dietrich hit by pitch, Castro to second. Dean grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Richards pitching for Marlins. León flied out to left. Bradley Jr. flied out to left. Betts homered to left (395 feet). Benintendi grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Velázquez pitching for Red Sox. Rojas grounded out to shortstop. Riddle singled to left. Riddle caught stealing second, catcher to second. Galloway struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Richards pitching for Marlins. Pearce struck out swinging. Martinez lined out to second. Bogaerts struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Velazquez pitching for Red Sox. Ortega grounded out to first. Anderson hit by pitch. Realmuto struck out swinging. Anderson to second on wild pitch by Velázquez. Castro singled to center, Anderson scored. Dietrich flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Richards pitching for Marlins. Núñez grounded out to shortstop. Kinsler lined out to shortstop. León popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Velazquez pitching for Red Sox. Dean grounded out to third. Rojas grounded out to shortstop. Riddle struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Richards pitching for Marlins. Bradley Jr. grounded out to second. Betts walked. Benintendi walked, Betts to second. Pearce struck out looking. Martinez singled to center, Betts scored, Benintendi to second. Rucinski pitching for Marlins. Bogaerts grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Martinez out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Velazquez pitching for Red Sox. Galloway walked. Ortega singled to right, Galloway to second. Thornburg pitching for Red Sox. Anderson flied out to right, Galloway to third. Realmuto grounded out to shortstop, Galloway scored, Ortega to second. Castro lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Rucinski pitching for Marlins. Núñez singled to center. Kinsler doubled to deep left, Núñez to third. Swihart hit for León. Conley pitching for Marlins. Swihart singled to left, Núñez scored, Kinsler to third. Bradley Jr. doubled to deep center, Kinsler scored, Swihart to third. Betts doubled to deep right center, Swihart and Bradley Jr. scored. Benintendi sacrificed to pitcher, Betts to third. Steckenrider pitching for Marlins. Holt hit for Pearce. Holt tripled to deep right, Betts scored. Martinez intentionally walked. Bogaerts singled to left center, Holt scored, Martinez to second. Guerra pitching for Marlins. Núñez singled to center, Martinez scored, Bogaerts to second. Kinsler singled to right, Bogaerts scored, Núñez to second. Swihart doubled to right, Núñez scored, Kinsler to third, Kinsler scored, Swihart to third on error by right fielder Ortega. Bradley Jr. singled to left center, Swihart scored. Betts singled to shallow right, Bradley Jr. to third. Benintendi grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Betts out at second. 11 Runs, 12 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 8th. Holt at first base. Swihart catching. Brasier pitching for Red Sox. Dietrich flied out to right. Dean homered to right (381 feet). Rojas fouled out to first. Riddle flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Holaday catching. Graves pitching for Marlins. Holt singled to center. Martinez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Holt out at second. Bogaerts lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Pomeranz pitching for Red Sox. Galloway walked. Ortega struck out swinging. Anderson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Galloway out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 6 - Red Sox 14.	Red Sox rally for 11-run inning after Price hurt in 14-6 win