Phillies - Top 1st. Hudson pitching for Braves. Rollins fouled out to third. Lofton grounded out to first. Abreu struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Myers pitching for Phillies. Furcal grounded out to second. Giles homered to center. Johnson lined out to center. Jones walked. LaRoche lined out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Hudson pitching for Braves. Thome walked. Burrell lined into double play, shortstop to first, Thome doubled off first. Utley grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Myers pitching for Phillies. Jones fouled out to second. Estrada flied out to center. Langerhans grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Hudson pitching for Braves. Bell popped out to second. Lieberthal grounded out to shortstop. Myers walked. Rollins grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Myers pitching for Phillies. Hudson grounded out to pitcher. Furcal grounded out to second. Giles struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Hudson pitching for Braves. Lofton singled to right. Abreu singled to right, Lofton to third. Thome singled to right, Lofton scored, Abreu to second. Burrell grounded into double play, third to second to first, Thome out at second, Abreu to third. Utley walked. Bell grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Utley out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Myers pitching for Phillies. Johnson walked. Jones flied out to left. LaRoche flied into double play, left to first, Johnson doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Hudson pitching for Braves. Lieberthal homered to left. Myers grounded out to second. Rollins popped out to second. Lofton lined out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Myers pitching for Phillies. Jones singled to center. Estrada singled to left, Jones to third. Langerhans tripled to deep right center, Jones and Estrada scored. Hudson struck out swinging. Furcal reached on infield single to third, Langerhans scored. Furcal stole second. Giles grounded out to third, Furcal to third. Johnson flied out to left. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Hudson pitching for Braves. Abreu grounded out to first. Thome walked. Burrell struck out swinging. Utley hit by pitch, Thome to second. Fultz pitching for Phillies. Bell singled to left, Thome thrown out at home, Utley to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Fultz pitching for Phillies. Jones grounded out to pitcher. LaRoche grounded out to second. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Chavez hit for Fultz. Hudson pitching for Braves. Lieberthal doubled to deep left. Chavez flied out to center, Lieberthal to third. Rollins popped out to shortstop. Lofton walked. Tejeda pitching for Phillies. Abreu grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Tejeda pitching for Phillies. Estrada flied out to center. Orr hit for Hudson. Langerhans flied out to center. Foster pitching for Braves. Orr struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Foster pitching for Braves. Thome lined out to right. Burrell grounded out to shortstop. Reitsma pitching for Braves. Utley walked. Utley stole second. Bell struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Tejeda pitching for Phillies. Furcal reached on bunt single to pitcher. Furcal stole second, Furcal safe at third on throwing error by catcher Lieberthal. Giles walked. Johnson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Furcal scored, Giles to second. Telemaco pitching for Phillies. Jones walked, Giles to third, Johnson to second. LaRoche hit sacrifice fly to center, Giles scored, LaRoche safe at first on error by center fielder Lofton. Johnson to third, Jones to second, LaRoche to first on error by center fielder. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to third, Johnson scored, Jones out at third, LaRoche to second. Estrada walked, LaRoche to third, Jones to second. Franco hit for Reitsma. Langerhans grounded into fielder's choice to first, LaRoche out at home, Jones to third, Estrada to second. Kolb pitching for Braves. Franco grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Langerhans out at second. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Perez hit for Telemaco. Kolb pitching for Braves. Lieberthal grounded out to shortstop. Perez walked. Rollins struck out looking. Lofton struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 2 - Braves 7.	Hudson, rookie outfield duo lift Braves past Phils