Phillies - Top 1st. Williams pitching for Pirates. Rollins flied out to left. Michaels flied out to left. Abreu grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Lidle pitching for Phillies. Lawton struck out swinging. Sanchez grounded out to second. Bay flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Williams pitching for Pirates. Burrell struck out looking. Utley struck out swinging. Bell lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Lidle pitching for Phillies. Ward grounded out to first. Castillo reached on infield single to second. Mackowiak doubled to deep center, Castillo scored. Doumit grounded out to first, Mackowiak to third. Wilson popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Williams pitching for Pirates. Howard singled to left center. Lieberthal singled to left, Howard to second. Lidle sacrificed to pitcher, Howard to third, Lieberthal to second. Rollins grounded out to third. Michaels walked. Abreu homered to right, Howard, Lieberthal and Michaels scored. Burrell struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Lidle pitching for Phillies. Williams struck out looking. Lawton grounded out to first. Sanchez lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Williams pitching for Pirates. Utley flied out to center. Bell hit ground rule double to deep left center. Howard struck out swinging. Lieberthal intentionally walked. Lidle struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Lidle pitching for Phillies. Bay struck out swinging. Ward doubled to right. Castillo singled to right, Ward to third. Mackowiak lined out to left. Doumit grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Williams pitching for Pirates. Rollins reached on bunt single to first. Michaels singled to left, Rollins to third. Abreu singled to right center, Rollins scored, Michaels to second, Michaels scored, Abreu to second on error by right fielder Lawton. Sanchez at second base. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Mackowiak at third base. Redman in center field. Burrell singled to right center, Abreu scored. Utley singled to center, Burrell to second, Burrell scored, Utley to third on error by center fielder Redman. Bell tripled to deep right center, Utley scored. Howard hit sacrifice fly to left, Bell scored. Lieberthal walked. Lidle singled to right, Lieberthal to second. Rollins flied out to center. Michaels grounded out to first. 6 Runs, 7 Hits, 2 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Lidle pitching for Phillies. Wilson lined out to left. Redman grounded out to shortstop. Lawton grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Abreu struck out swinging. Burrell walked. Utley flied out to right. Michaels in right field. Chavez in center field. Bell lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Lidle pitching for Phillies. Sanchez singled to left. Bay flied out to center. Ward struck out swinging. Vogelsong doubled to left, Sanchez to third. Mackowiak struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Howard singled to center. Lieberthal hit by pitch, Howard to second. Martinez hit for Rollins. Lidle struck out swinging. Martinez singled to center, Howard to third, Lieberthal to second. Michaels singled to shallow right, Howard scored, Lieberthal to third, Martinez to second. Martinez at shortstop. Chavez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Michaels out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Lidle pitching for Phillies. Doumit hit by pitch. Wilson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Doumit out at second. Redman singled to right, Wilson to third. Redman to second on fielder's indifference. Lawton struck out swinging. Hill at third base. Restovich in left field. Mackowiak in right field. Sanchez fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Burrell singled to right. Utley singled to right, Burrell to second. Torres pitching for Pirates. Bell struck out swinging. Howard struck out looking. Perez hit for Lidle. Lieberthal hit by pitch, Burrell to third, Utley to second. Fultz pitching for Phillies. Perez at first base. Perez lined out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Fultz pitching for Phillies. Restovich flied out to right. Cota hit for Torres. Ward walked. Cota grounded into fielder's choice to right, Ward out at second. White pitching for Pirates. Mackowiak grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. White pitching for Pirates. Martinez struck out swinging. Michaels walked. Chavez singled to left center, Michaels to second. Burrell doubled to deep center, Michaels scored, Chavez to third. Utley flied out to left. Worrell pitching for Phillies. Bell grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Worrell pitching for Phillies. Doumit flied out to left. Wilson flied out to center. Redman struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 12 - Pirates 1.	Abreu grand slam kicks off Phillies' rout of Pirates