Phillies - Top 1st. Beckett pitching for Marlins. Rollins struck out swinging. Lofton grounded out to second. Utley reached on infield single to third. Abreu walked, Utley to second. Burrell struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Brito pitching for Phillies. Castillo tripled to deep right center. Conine walked. Cabrera grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Castillo scored, Conine out at second. Delgado grounded out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Beckett pitching for Marlins. Howard grounded out to second. Bell fouled out to catcher. Lieberthal singled to left, Lieberthal out stretching at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Brito pitching for Phillies. Encarnacion grounded out to third. Lo Duca singled to center. Lowell flied out to right. Andino doubled to deep center, Lo Duca to third. Beckett walked. Castillo flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Beckett pitching for Marlins. Brito lined out to center. Rollins flied out to right. Lofton walked. Lofton stole second. Utley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Brito pitching for Phillies. Conine walked. Cabrera struck out swinging. Delgado singled to right, Conine to third. Encarnacion doubled to right, Conine scored, Delgado to third. Geary pitching for Phillies. Lo Duca hit sacrifice fly to right, Delgado scored, Encarnacion to third. Lowell flied out to center. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Beckett pitching for Marlins. Abreu grounded out to pitcher. Burrell lined out to center. Howard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Geary pitching for Phillies. Andino grounded out to third. Beckett singled to deep right. Castillo singled to shallow left, Beckett to second. Conine singled to center, Beckett to third, Castillo to second. Cabrera singled to left, Beckett and Castillo scored, Conine to second. Delgado grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Cabrera out at second. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Beckett pitching for Marlins. Bell doubled to deep left. Perez hit for Geary. Lieberthal fouled out to third. Perez popped out to shortstop. Rollins walked. Lofton singled to left, Bell scored, Rollins to second. Tejeda pitching for Phillies. Utley grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rollins out at third. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Tejeda pitching for Phillies. Encarnacion singled to left. Lo Duca walked, Encarnacion to second. Lowell walked, Encarnacion to third, Lo Duca to second. Encarnacion scored, Lo Duca to third, Lowell to second on wild pitch by Tejeda. Lopez pitching for Phillies. Andino singled to left, Lo Duca scored, Lowell to third. Beckett sacrificed to pitcher, Andino to second. Castillo intentionally walked. Conine singled to left, Lowell and Andino scored, Castillo to second. Cabrera struck out swinging. Delgado struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Beckett pitching for Marlins. Abreu walked. Burrell struck out swinging. Howard doubled to deep right center, Abreu scored. Bell popped out to second. Lieberthal grounded out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Lopez pitching for Phillies. Encarnacion popped out to third. Lo Duca struck out swinging. Alfonseca pitching for Marlins. Chavez hit for Lopez. Lowell lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Alfonseca pitching for Marlins. Chavez flied out to left. Rollins tripled to deep right center. Lofton grounded out to second, Rollins scored. Floyd pitching for Phillies. Utley grounded out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Hermida hit for Alfonseca. Floyd pitching for Phillies. Andino lined out to left. Hermida struck out swinging. Castillo safe at first on error by second baseman Utley. Wilson ran for Castillo. Conine doubled to left, Castillo to third. Cabrera doubled to deep right center, Wilson and Conine scored. Wilson at second base. Conine in left field. Valdez pitching for Marlins. Encarnacion in right field. Pierre in center field. Delgado lined out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Valdez pitching for Marlins. Abreu lined out to left. Burrell struck out swinging. Howard hit ground rule double to deep right. Bell singled to left, Howard to third. Victorino hit for Floyd. Lieberthal singled to right center, Howard and Bell scored. Lieberthal scored, Victorino to second on balk by Valdez. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Liriano pitching for Phillies. Encarnacion fouled out to third. Lo Duca walked. Aguila ran for Lo Duca. Lowell homered to left, Aguila scored. Andino walked. Pierre doubled to deep right, Andino scored. Wilson struck out swinging. Conine walked. Treanor catching. Valdez struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Valdez pitching for Marlins. Lofton singled to left. Utley flied out to center. Abreu struck out swinging. Burrell popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 6 - Marlins 14.	Marlins rebound from dismal loss, whip Phillies