Marlins - Top 1st . Niese pitching for Mets . Pierre singled to center . Polanco grounded out to third , Pierre to second . Stanton flied out to right , Pierre to third . Dobbs singled to left , Pierre scored . Ruggiano popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 1st . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Baxter walked . Murphy struck out swinging . Wright singled to center , Baxter to second . Davis singled to left , Baxter to third , Wright to second . Buck hit sacrifice fly to right , Baxter scored . Duda popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Niese pitching for Mets . Olivo grounded out to third . Hechavarria struck out swinging . Solano struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 2nd . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Nieuwenhuis lined out to center . Tejada lined out to shortstop . Niese struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Niese pitching for Mets . Nolasco grounded out to shortstop . Pierre walked . Polanco lined out to right . Stanton reached on infield single to third , Pierre to second . Dobbs struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 3rd . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Baxter singled to left . Murphy grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Baxter out at second . Wright lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Niese pitching for Mets . Ruggiano struck out swinging . Olivo grounded out to shortstop . Hechavarria reached on infield single to third . Solano singled to left center , Hechavarria to second . Nolasco grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 4th . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Davis grounded out to first . Buck flied out to left . Duda walked . Nieuwenhuis lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Niese pitching for Mets . Pierre grounded out to second . Polanco reached on infield single to shortstop . Stanton singled to center , Polanco to second . Dobbs grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Stanton out at second , Polanco to third , Polanco scored on throwing error by shortstop Tejada . Ruggiano grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Bottom 5th . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Tejada struck out looking . Niese grounded out to second . Baxter flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Niese pitching for Mets . Olivo singled to left . Hechavarria walked , Olivo to second . Solano grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hechavarria out at second , Olivo to third . Nolasco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 6th . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Murphy grounded out to third . Wright singled to center . Davis singled to right , Wright to third . Buck doubled to left , Wright and Davis scored . Duda walked . Webb pitching for Marlins . Nieuwenhuis grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Duda out at second , Buck to third . Tejada flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Atchison pitching for Mets . Pierre singled to left center . Polanco flied out to left . Stanton grounded out to pitcher , Pierre to second . Edgin pitching for Mets . Dobbs singled to right center , Dobbs out at second , Pierre scored , Dobbs out at first on runner 's interference . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 7th . Valdespin hit for Edgin . Webb pitching for Marlins . Valdespin flied out to center . Baxter walked . Baxter stole second . Baxter safe at third on throwing error by catcher Olivo . Murphy tripled to deep center , Baxter scored . Wright singled to right center , Murphy scored . Wright stole second . Wright safe at third on throwing error by catcher Olivo . Davis intentionally walked . Buck hit sacrifice fly to right , Wright scored , Davis to second . Duda grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Lyon pitching for Mets . Cowgill in left field . Ruggiano struck out swinging . Olivo singled to left . Hechavarria grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Olivo out at second . Solano struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 8th . Qualls pitching for Marlins . Nieuwenhuis struck out looking . Tejada grounded out to shortstop . Cowgill homered to left ( 375 feet ) . Baxter grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Parnell pitching for Mets . Coghlan hit for Qualls . Coghlan struck out swinging . Pierre grounded out to shortstop . Polanco grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 3 - Mets 7 .	Buck drives in 4 runs , lifts Mets past Marlins