Marlins - Top 1st . Danks pitching for White Sox . Hechavarria fouled out to third . Polanco grounded out to third . Dietrich struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Koehler pitching for Marlins . De Aza grounded out to first . Ramirez grounded out to third . Rios grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Ozuna grounded out to shortstop . Ruggiano flied out to center . Coghlan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Dunn walked . Konerko grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Dunn out at second . Viciedo grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Olivo struck out swinging . Green hit by pitch . Mathis struck out swinging . Hechavarria grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Gillaspie singled to center . Keppinger lined out to pitcher , Gillaspie to second . Gillaspie to third on wild pitch . Gimenez struck out swinging . De Aza flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Polanco singled to right . Dietrich homered to right ( 400 feet ) , Polanco scored . Ozuna flied out to left . Ruggiano popped out to shortstop . Coghlan lined out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Ramirez lined out to right . Rios grounded out to third . Dunn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Olivo flied out to center . Green struck out swinging . Mathis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Konerko singled to left . Viciedo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Konerko out at second . Gillaspie doubled to right , Viciedo to third . Keppinger grounded out to shortstop , Viciedo scored , Gillaspie to third . Gimenez singled to center , Gillaspie scored . De Aza grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Hechavarria singled to left . Polanco grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hechavarria out at second . Dietrich grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Polanco out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Ramirez grounded out to third . Rios singled to left . Dunn grounded out to second , Rios to second . Konerko singled to left center , Rios scored . Viciedo struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Ozuna doubled to deep left . Lindstrom pitching for White Sox . Ruggiano singled to left , Ozuna to third . Ruggiano stole second . Coghlan walked . Olivo hit sacrifice fly to right , Ozuna scored . Green singled to right , Ruggiano to third , Coghlan to second . Mathis grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Green out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Ramos pitching for Marlins . Gillaspie flied out to left . Keppinger fouled out to catcher . Gimenez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Crain pitching for White Sox . Hechavarria singled to right . Polanco flied out to left . Dietrich struck out swinging , Hechavarria stole second , Hechavarria to third on throwing error by catcher Gimenez . Ozuna grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Ramos pitching for Marlins . De Aza struck out swinging . Ramirez walked . Rios struck out looking . Dunn pitching for Marlins . Dunn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Reed pitching for White Sox . Ruggiano flied out to center . Coghlan popped out to shortstop . Olivo grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Qualls pitching for Marlins . Konerko grounded out to shortstop . Viciedo grounded out to pitcher . Gillaspie flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 10th . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Green hit by pitch . Mathis sacrificed to pitcher , Green to second . Hechavarria walked . Polanco grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hechavarria out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 10th . Qualls pitching for Marlins . Keppinger singled to right . Gimenez hit by pitch , Keppinger to second . De Aza sacrificed to catcher , Keppinger to third , Gimenez to second . Ramirez intentionally walked . Rios grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ramirez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 11th . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Dietrich popped out to shortstop . Jones pitching for White Sox . Ozuna struck out swinging . Ruggiano lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 11th . Webb pitching for Marlins . Dunn grounded out to third . Konerko singled to left . Greene ran for Konerko . Viciedo singled to shallow right , Greene to third . Gillaspie intentionally walked , Viciedo to second . Keppinger singled to left , Greene scored , Viciedo to third , Gillaspie to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 3 - White Sox 4 .	Danks goes 6 in return as White Sox win in 11