Cardinals - Top 1st . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Jay walked . Beltran flied out to left . Holliday reached on infield single to third , Jay to second . Craig hit by pitch , Jay to third , Holliday to second . Molina singled to left , Jay and Holliday scored , Craig to second . Freese singled to center , Craig scored , Molina to third . Descalso doubled to deep right , Molina scored , Freese to third . Kozma grounded into fielder 's choice to first baseman , Freese scored , Descalso to third . Lynn sacrificed to pitcher , Kozma to second . Jay lined out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Lynn pitching for Cardinals . Pierre tripled to deep right . Lucas reached on infield single to second , Pierre scored . Stanton flied out to right . Ozuna struck out looking . Dietrich walked , Lucas to second . Hechavarria singled to center , Lucas scored , Dietrich to second . Dobbs hit by pitch , Dietrich to third , Hechavarria to second . Brantly singled to center , Dietrich and Hechavarria scored , Dobbs to second . Koehler struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Beltran homered to right ( 382 feet ) . Holliday struck out swinging . Craig lined out to left . Molina grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Lynn pitching for Cardinals . Pierre lined out to center . Lucas walked . Stanton homered to right center ( 410 feet ) , Lucas scored . Ozuna grounded out to shortstop . Dietrich grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Freese homered to right ( 393 feet ) . Descalso grounded out to first . Kozma flied out to center . Lynn struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Lynn pitching for Cardinals . Hechavarria flied out to right . Dobbs struck out swinging . Brantly doubled to deep center . Koehler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Jay singled to right . Beltran grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Jay out at second . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Lynn pitching for Cardinals . Pierre singled to left . Lucas struck out looking . Stanton walked , Pierre to second . Ozuna flied out to center , Pierre to third . Dietrich popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Craig fouled out to first . Molina struck out swinging . Freese walked . Descalso singled to right , Freese to second . Webb pitching for Marlins . Kozma reached on infield single to second , Freese to third , Descalso to second . Lynn singled to right , Freese and Descalso scored , Kozma to third . Jay grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Lynn pitching for Cardinals . Hechavarria singled to center . Dobbs doubled to left , Hechavarria to third . Brantly hit sacrifice fly to center , Hechavarria scored . Brown hit for Webb . Brown struck out swinging . Pierre grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Ramos pitching for Marlins . Beltran grounded out to second . Holliday singled to center . Craig grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Holliday out at second . Molina lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Maness pitching for Cardinals . Lucas grounded out to first . Stanton singled to right . Ozuna grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Stanton out at second . Dietrich grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Ramos pitching for Marlins . Freese singled to center . Descalso doubled to deep right , Freese to third . Kozma struck out swinging . Adams hit for Maness . Adams struck out swinging . Jay grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Choate pitching for Cardinals . Hechavarria grounded out to shortstop . Dobbs struck out swinging . Brantly struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Ramos pitching for Marlins . Beltran tripled to deep right center . Holliday walked . Craig singled to center , Beltran scored , Holliday to second . Lucas at first base . Jennings pitching for Marlins . Polanco at third base . Molina singled to left center , Holliday scored , Craig to second . Freese grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Molina out at second , Craig to third . Craig scored on Jennings ' wild pitch . Descalso walked . Kozma grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Descalso out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals . Polanco hit by pitch . Pierre grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Polanco out at second . Lucas doubled to left . Stanton flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Olmos pitching for Marlins . Wigginton hit for Rosenthal . Wigginton flied out to right . Jay struck out looking . Beltran homered to left ( 366 feet ) . Holliday struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Robinson in right field . Butler pitching for Cardinals . Wigginton in left field . Ozuna struck out swinging . Dietrich struck out swinging . Hechavarria flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 13 - Marlins 7 .	Beltran helps Cardinals overpower Marlins