Marlins - Top 1st . Medlen pitching for Braves . Pierre lined out to first . Polanco grounded out to pitcher . Stanton walked . Morrison homered to right ( 399 feet ) , Stanton scored . Ozuna grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Simmons grounded out to third . Heyward flied out to right . Upton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Medlen pitching for Braves . Dietrich flied out to center . Hechavarria reached on infield single to shortstop . Brantly doubled to right , Hechavarria to third . Koehler grounded out to third . Pierre flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Freeman doubled to right center . McCann grounded out to second , Freeman to third . Uggla grounded out to third , Freeman scored . Upton struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Johnson in center field . Medlen pitching for Braves . Polanco singled to right . Stanton singled to left , Polanco to second . Morrison grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Stanton out at second , Polanco to third . Morrison picked off first . Ozuna lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Johnson doubled to deep center . Medlen reached on bunt single to third , Johnson scored on throwing error by third baseman Polanco . Simmons grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Medlen out at second . Heyward flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 4th . Medlen pitching for Braves . Dietrich flied out to left . Hechavarria singled to center . Brantly lined out to center . Koehler grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Upton tripled to deep center . Freeman tripled to deep center , Upton scored . McCann struck out swinging . Uggla fouled out to first . Johnson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 5th . Medlen pitching for Braves . Pierre grounded out to second . Polanco singled to left . Stanton walked , Polanco to second . Morrison grounded out to second , Polanco to third , Stanton to second . Ozuna grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Johnson grounded out to second . Medlen doubled to deep center . Simmons grounded out to third . Heyward flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Medlen pitching for Braves . Dietrich doubled to deep left . Hechavarria sacrificed to third , Dietrich to third . Brantly struck out swinging . Dobbs hit for Koehler . Dobbs singled to right center , Dietrich scored . Pierre flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Jennings pitching for Marlins . Upton singled to right . Freeman reached on infield single to second , Upton to second . McCann singled to left , Upton to third , Freeman to second . Webb pitching for Marlins . Uggla struck out looking . Johnson struck out swinging . Johnson doubled to right , Upton and Freeman scored , McCann to third . Schafer hit for Medlen . Schafer reached on infield single to pitcher , McCann scored , Johnson to third . Simmons reached on infield single to pitcher , Johnson scored , Schafer to second . Heyward grounded out to catcher . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Varvaro pitching for Braves . Polanco lined out to right . Stanton grounded out to first . Morrison singled to left . Ozuna grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Morrison out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Slowey pitching for Marlins . Solano at third base . Upton walked . Freeman flied out to left , Upton to second . McCann doubled to deep center , Upton scored . Uggla struck out swinging . Johnson grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Wood pitching for Braves . Dietrich grounded out to second . Hechavarria singled to right . Brantly grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Hechavarria out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Slowey pitching for Marlins . Johnson singled to center . Janish ran for Johnson . Wood struck out bunting foul . Simmons tripled to deep right center , Janish scored . Heyward walked . Upton singled to left , Simmons scored , Heyward to second . Freeman flied out to center , Heyward to third . McCann singled to center , Heyward scored , Upton to third . Uggla flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Janish at third base . Wood pitching for Braves . Solano flied out to right . Pierre reached on infield single to third . Ruggiano hit for Slowey . Ruggiano struck out swinging . Stanton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 3 - Braves 11 .	Braves beat Marlins with season - high 16 hits