Marlins - Top 1st . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Ruggiano lined out to right . Polanco walked . Stanton flied out to center . Morrison grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Eovaldi pitching for Marlins . Carpenter lined out to center . Beltran grounded out to shortstop . Holliday walked . Craig flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Ozuna struck out swinging . Dietrich doubled to deep left center . Hechavarria singled to center , Dietrich scored , Hechavarria to second advancing on throw . Brantly struck out swinging . Eovaldi struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Eovaldi pitching for Marlins . Freese flied out to center . Descalso popped out to shortstop . Cruz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Ruggiano grounded out to third . Polanco walked . Stanton flied out to right . Morrison homered to left ( 390 feet ) , Polanco scored . Ozuna grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Eovaldi pitching for Marlins . Jay struck out swinging . Kelly singled to center . Carpenter tripled to deep center , Kelly scored . Beltran singled to center , Carpenter scored . Holliday grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Beltran out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Dietrich homered to right ( 379 feet ) . Hechavarria safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Descalso . Brantly flied out to center , Hechavarria to third . Eovaldi grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hechavarria out at home . Ruggiano popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Eovaldi pitching for Marlins . Craig walked . Freese grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Craig out at second . Descalso walked . Cruz grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Polanco grounded out to first . Stanton reached on infield single to shortstop . Morrison grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Stanton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Eovaldi pitching for Marlins . Jay reached on infield single to second . Kelly bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Jay out at second . Carpenter flied out to left . Beltran struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Ozuna struck out swinging . Dietrich popped out to shortstop . Hechavarria bunt grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Eovaldi pitching for Marlins . Holliday popped out to second . Craig grounded out to third . Freese flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Maness pitching for Cardinals . Brantly singled to deep left . Eovaldi sacrificed to pitcher , Brantly to second . Ruggiano grounded out to first , Brantly to third . Polanco grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Eovaldi pitching for Marlins . Descalso grounded out to second . Cruz singled to left . Jay flied out to left . Adams hit for Maness . Dunn pitching for Marlins . Adams homered to right ( 376 feet ) , Cruz scored . Carpenter grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals . Stanton walked . Morrison grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Stanton out at second , Morrison to second on throwing error by shortstop Descalso . Ozuna fouled out to first . Dietrich struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Dunn pitching for Marlins . Beltran fouled out to first . Qualls pitching for Marlins . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . Craig singled to center . Freese struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Mujica pitching for Cardinals . Hechavarria grounded out to third . Brantly grounded out to first . Dobbs hit for Qualls . Dobbs grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Ramos pitching for Marlins . Descalso lined out to center . Cruz flied out to right . Jay walked . Robinson hit for Mujica . Robinson singled to right , Jay to third , Jay scored on throwing error by right fielder Stanton . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Marlins 4 - Cardinals 5 .	Jay scores on error as Cards edge Marlins