Indians - Top 1st . Fernandez pitching for Marlins . Bourn struck out swinging . Swisher singled to right . Kipnis flied out to left . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Jimenez pitching for Indians . Yelich grounded out to first . Lucas walked . Stanton grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lucas safe at second on error by shortstop Cabrera . Lucas to third , Stanton to second on wild pitch by Jimenez . Morrison doubled to left , Lucas scored , Stanton to third . Solano grounded out to second , Stanton scored , Morrison to third . Hechavarria singled to right , Morrison scored . Marisnick singled to center , Hechavarria to third . Mathis bunt grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 2nd . Fernandez pitching for Marlins . Brantley grounded out to first . Santana grounded out to first . Chisenhall struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Jimenez pitching for Indians . Fernandez struck out looking . Yelich tripled to right . Lucas walked . Stanton fouled out to catcher . Morrison singled to center , Yelich scored , Lucas to second . Solano grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lucas to third , Morrison safe at second on error by shortstop Cabrera . Hechavarria grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 3rd . Fernandez pitching for Marlins . Stubbs struck out swinging . Jimenez walked . Bourn grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Jimenez out at second . Swisher struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Jimenez pitching for Indians . Marisnick doubled to right . Mathis struck out swinging . Marisnick stole third . Fernandez hit sacrifice fly to right , Marisnick scored . Yelich singled to left . Lucas grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Fernandez pitching for Marlins . Kipnis struck out swinging . Cabrera struck out swinging . Brantley grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Jimenez pitching for Indians . Stanton struck out swinging . Morrison singled to center . Solano grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Morrison out at second . Hechavarria doubled to left , Solano to third . Marisnick struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Fernandez pitching for Marlins . Santana grounded out to first . Chisenhall struck out swinging . Stubbs struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Shaw pitching for Indians . Raburn in right field . Mathis struck out looking . Fernandez struck out swinging . Yelich struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Fernandez pitching for Marlins . Raburn struck out swinging . Bourn grounded out to shortstop . Swisher struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Shaw pitching for Indians . Lucas struck out swinging . Stanton walked . Morrison grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Stanton out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Fernandez pitching for Marlins . Kipnis grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera doubled to deep right center . Brantley grounded out to second , Cabrera to third . Santana struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Rzepczynski pitching for Indians . Solano flied out to right . Hechavarria grounded out to third . Marisnick grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Fernandez pitching for Marlins . Chisenhall struck out swinging . Reynolds hit for Rzepczynski . Reynolds struck out swinging . Raburn singled to left . Bourn flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Albers pitching for Indians . Mathis grounded out to third . Pierre hit for Fernandez . Pierre singled to left . Yelich singled to center , Pierre to third . Lucas grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Pierre scored , Yelich out at second . Stanton singled to left center , Lucas to second . Morrison tripled to right , Lucas and Stanton scored . Solano singled to center , Morrison scored . Hechavarria singled to right , Solano to third . Marisnick singled to left , Solano scored , Hechavarria to second . Mathis lined out to center . 5 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Ames pitching for Marlins . Swisher struck out swinging . Kipnis grounded out to first . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 0 - Marlins 10 .	Fernandez K 's 14 as Marlins roll