Giants - Top 1st . Eovaldi pitching for Marlins . Scutaro singled to center . Crawford reached on infield single to third , Scutaro to second . Belt singled to left , Scutaro to third , Crawford to second . Pence grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Scutaro and Crawford scored on error by shortstop Hechavarria , Belt safe at second on error by shortstop Hechavarria . Sandoval doubled to deep right center , Belt and Pence scored . Sanchez struck out swinging . Kieschnick grounded out to first , Sandoval to third . Blanco intentionally walked . Gaudin struck out looking . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Gaudin pitching for Giants . Yelich struck out swinging . Solano singled to left . Stanton singled to center , Solano to second . Morrison grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Stanton out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Eovaldi pitching for Marlins . Scutaro grounded out to first . Crawford singled to left . Belt safe at second on error by first baseman Morrison , Crawford to third . Pence doubled to deep right center , Crawford and Belt scored . Sandoval singled to left center , Pence scored . Sanchez flied out to left . Kieschnick grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Gaudin pitching for Giants . Polanco struck out swinging . Hechavarria flied out to right . Marisnick struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Eovaldi pitching for Marlins . Blanco grounded out to second . Gaudin struck out looking . Scutaro reached on infield single to second . Crawford lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Gaudin pitching for Giants . Mathis struck out swinging . Eovaldi singled to right . Yelich doubled to right center , Eovaldi to third . Solano singled to right , Eovaldi scored , Yelich to third on error by right fielder Pence . Stanton popped out to shortstop . Morrison doubled to deep right center , Yelich and Solano scored . Polanco singled to left , Morrison scored . Hechavarria singled to center , Polanco to second . Marisnick walked , Polanco to third , Hechavarria to second . Mathis fouled out to catcher . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Top 4th . Eovaldi pitching for Marlins . Belt hit ground rule double to deep left center . Pence doubled to right , Belt scored . Sandoval singled to right , Pence to third . Sanchez homered to right ( 390 feet ) , Pence and Sandoval scored . Webb pitching for Marlins . Ruggiano in center field . Kieschnick tripled to deep right . Blanco reached on infield single to second , Kieschnick scored . Gaudin struck out looking . Scutaro grounded out to pitcher , Blanco to second . Crawford struck out looking . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Gaudin pitching for Giants . Ruggiano homered to left ( 426 feet ) . Yelich singled to right center . Solano struck out swinging . Stanton flied out to center . Morrison walked , Yelich to second . Polanco grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Yelich out at third , Morrison to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Webb pitching for Marlins . Belt grounded out to first . Pence grounded out to second . Sandoval singled to right center . Sanchez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Gaudin pitching for Giants . Hechavarria walked . Webb singled to center , Hechavarria to second . Hechavarria to third on wild pitch by Gaudin . Mathis walked , Webb to second . Mijares pitching for Giants . Ruggiano doubled to deep right , Hechavarria and Webb scored , Mathis to third . Yelich singled to left , Mathis scored , Ruggiano to third . Solano reached on infield single to shortstop , Ruggiano scored , Yelich to second . Stanton struck out swinging . Yelich to third , Solano to second on wild pitch by Mijares . Morrison struck out swinging . Polanco grounded out to pitcher . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Webb pitching for Marlins . Kieschnick grounded out to shortstop . Blanco lined out to left . Francoeur hit for Mijares . Francoeur popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Rosario pitching for Giants . Hechavarria flied out to right . Pierre hit for Webb . Pierre grounded out to second . Mathis singled to right . Ruggiano grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Jennings pitching for Marlins . Scutaro singled to center . Scutaro to second on wild pitch by Jennings . Crawford grounded out to second , Scutaro to third . Belt tripled to deep right center , Scutaro scored . Pence tripled to deep center , Belt scored . Sandoval intentionally walked . Sanchez struck out swinging . Kieschnick popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Rosario pitching for Giants . Yelich grounded out to second . Solano walked . Stanton grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Solano out at second . Stanton to second on wild pitch by Rosario . Morrison lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Caminero pitching for Marlins . Blanco lined out to left . Arias hit for Rosario . Arias flied out to center . Scutaro hit by pitch . Crawford struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Casilla pitching for Giants . Arias at second base . Polanco hit by pitch . Lucas ran for Polanco . Hechavarria flied out to center . Dobbs hit for Caminero . Lucas to second on wild pitch by Casilla . Dobbs struck out swinging . Mathis fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Lucas at third base . Qualls pitching for Marlins . Belt singled to left . Pence fouled out to second . Sandoval walked , Belt to second . Sanchez lined out to center , Belt to third . Kieschnick lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Zito pitching for Giants . Ruggiano homered to left ( 401 feet ) . Yelich struck out swinging . Solano flied out to center . Stanton walked . Stanton to second on fielder 's indifference . Morrison grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 14 - Marlins 10 .	Pence drives in 5 as Giants outslug Marlins