Twins - Top 1st. Montas pitching for Athletics. Arraez struck out swinging. Donaldson homered to left (412 feet). Cruz fouled out to third. Buxton doubled to deep right. Polanco flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Maeda pitching for Twins. Canha grounded out to second. Laureano struck out swinging. Lowrie grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Montas pitching for Athletics. Astudillo grounded out to third. Cave struck out swinging. Rooker doubled to deep center. Jeffers grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Maeda pitching for Twins. Olson homered to right (382 feet). Chapman flied out to center. Moreland hit by pitch. Murphy flied out to center. Brown singled to right, Moreland to third. Andrus singled to center, Moreland scored, Brown to second. Canha reached on infield single to pitcher, Andrus to second, Brown to third. Brown scored on Maeda wild pitch, Canha to second on wild pitch by Maeda, Andrus to third on wild pitch by Maeda. Laureano flied out to right. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Montas pitching for Athletics. Arraez hit ground rule double to deep center. Donaldson singled to left, Arraez scored. Cruz homered to left (422 feet), Donaldson scored. Buxton grounded out to third. Polanco singled to center. Astudillo fouled out to first. Cave struck out, Cave to first on wild pitch by Montas, Polanco to second on wild pitch by Montas. Rooker struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Maeda pitching for Twins. Lowrie doubled to deep right. Olson homered to center (421 feet), Lowrie scored. Chapman popped out to first. Moreland grounded out to first. Murphy singled to left. Brown homered to right (356 feet), Murphy scored. Andrus grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Montas pitching for Athletics. Jeffers grounded out to shortstop. Arraez grounded out to first. Donaldson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Duffey pitching for Twins. Canha walked. Laureano flied out to right. Lowrie popped out to third. Olson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Montas pitching for Athletics. Cruz homered to center (398 feet). Buxton reached on infield single to second. Wendelken pitching for Athletics. Polanco singled to right, Polanco safe at second on throwing error by right fielder Brown, Buxton safe at third on error. Buxton scored on Wendelken wild pitch, Polanco to third on wild pitch by Wendelken. Astudillo grounded out to shortstop. Polanco scored on error, Cave safe at first on fielding error by second baseman Lowrie. Rooker struck out swinging. Jeffers struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Dobnak pitching for Twins. Chapman grounded out to shortstop. Moreland lined out to third. Murphy lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Romo pitching for Athletics. Arraez singled to right. Donaldson singled to left, Arraez to third. Cruz grounded out to shortstop, Arraez scored, Donaldson to second. Buxton flied out to center, Donaldson to third. Polanco singled to left, Donaldson scored. Polanco stole second. Astudillo singled to left, Polanco scored. Kolarek pitching for Athletics. Cave lined out to left. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Robles pitching for Twins. Brown singled to left center. Andrus grounded into fielder's choice to third, Brown out at second. Andrus stole second. Canha reached on infield single to third, Andrus to third. Canha stole second. Laureano struck out swinging. Rogers pitching for Twins. Lowrie doubled to deep right center, Andrus scored and Canha scored. Olson lined out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Petit pitching for Athletics. Rooker walked. Jeffers fouled out to third. Arraez grounded into double play, third to shortstop to first, Rooker out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Rogers pitching for Twins. Chapman singled to center. Piscotty hit for Moreland. Piscotty grounded into double play, second to first, Chapman out at second. Murphy grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Piscotty as designated hitter. Petit pitching for Athletics. Donaldson singled to deep right. Cruz struck out swinging. Buxton lined out to right. Polanco singled to shallow right, Donaldson to second. Astudillo flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Rogers pitching for Twins. Brown struck out looking. Andrus struck out swinging. Canha struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Trivino pitching for Athletics. Cave struck out swinging. Rooker struck out swinging. Jeffers doubled to left. Arraez walked. Donaldson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Colomé pitching for Twins. Laureano hit by pitch. Lowrie lined out to left. Olson singled to right, Laureano to third. Chapman hit sacrifice fly to left, Laureano scored. Olson picked off and caught stealing second. Alex Colome pitches to Stephen Piscotty. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 10th. Blankenhorn ran for Donaldson. Garver hit for Cruz. Trivino pitching for Athletics. Garver struck out swinging. Buxton homered to left (423 feet), Blankenhorn scored. Polanco flied out to center. Guerra pitching for Athletics. Astudillo popped out to first. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 10th. Arraez at third base. Blankenhorn at second base. Garver as designated hitter. Colome pitching for Twins. Piscotty flied out to center. Murphy struck out swinging. Brown walked. Kemp ran for Brown. Andrus walked, Kemp to second, Chapman to third. Chapman scored, Canha safe at first on fielding error by second baseman Blankenhorn, Andrus to second, Kemp to third. Andrus scored on error and Kemp scored, Laureano safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Arraez, Canha to second. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Final score: Twins 12 - Athletics 13.	A's extend winning streak to 11, helped by 2 errors in 10th