Athletics - Top 1st. Hearn pitching for Rangers. Canha walked. Chapman homered to center (422 feet), Canha scored. Olson struck out swinging. Laureano singled to center. Pinder struck out swinging. Lowrie walked, Laureano to second. Murphy walked, Lowrie to second, Laureano to third. de Geus pitching for Rangers. Andrus singled to center, Laureano scored and Lowrie scored, Murphy to third. Bolt struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Irvin pitching for Athletics. Kiner-Falefa struck out swinging. White struck out swinging. García grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. de Geus pitching for Rangers. Canha tripled to deep right. Chapman grounded out to second, Canha scored. Olson walked. Laureano homered to center (419 feet), Olson scored. Pinder struck out swinging. Lowrie flied out to center. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Irvin pitching for Athletics. Gallo struck out swinging. Ibáñez singled to left. Solak grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ibáñez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Lyles pitching for Rangers. Murphy singled to right. Andrus doubled to left, Murphy to third. Bolt grounded out to first. Canha singled to center, Murphy scored and Andrus scored. Chapman walked, Canha to second. Olson popped out to third. Chapman to second on passed ball by Trevino, Canha to third on passed ball by Trevino. Laureano popped out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Irvin pitching for Athletics. Calhoun lined out to center. Trevino lined out to center. Culberson reached on infield single to shortstop. Kiner-Falefa grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Culberson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Lyles pitching for Rangers. Pinder grounded out to shortstop. Lowrie fouled out to third. Murphy flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Irvin pitching for Athletics. White singled to center. García struck out swinging. Gallo grounded out to pitcher, White to second. Ibáñez popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Lyles pitching for Rangers. Andrus singled to left. Bolt struck out swinging. Canha struck out swinging. Chapman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Irvin pitching for Athletics. Solak hit by pitch. Calhoun doubled to shallow left, Solak scored. Trevino flied out to right. Culberson doubled to right, Calhoun scored. Kiner-Falefa flied out to center, Culberson to third. White singled to left, Culberson scored on error, White safe at second on fielding error by left fielder Canha. García singled to shallow left, White scored. Gallo walked, García to second. Ibáñez grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 6th. Lyles pitching for Rangers. Olson grounded out to shortstop. Laureano grounded out to shortstop. Pinder popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Smith pitching for Athletics. Solak flied out to right. Calhoun flied out to left. Trevino flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Lyles pitching for Rangers. Lowrie flied out to center. Murphy flied out to left. Andrus flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Romo pitching for Athletics. Culberson struck out swinging. Kiner-Falefa grounded out to third. White homered to left (440 feet). García popped out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Lyles pitching for Rangers. Bolt grounded out to first. Canha singled to right, Canha out stretching at second. Chapman flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Diekman pitching for Athletics. Gallo homered to center (423 feet). Ibáñez struck out swinging. Solak walked. Solak caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Calhoun walked. Trivino pitching for Athletics. Trevino flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Evans pitching for Rangers. Olson doubled to left center. Laureano singled to left, Olson to third. Pinder struck out swinging. Lowrie singled to left, Olson scored, Laureano to second. Lowrie to second on passed ball by Trevino, Laureano to third on passed ball by Trevino. Murphy doubled to left, Laureano scored and Lowrie scored. Andrus struck out swinging. Bolt doubled to deep right center, Murphy scored. Patton pitching for Rangers. Canha struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Guerra pitching for Athletics. Culberson grounded out to pitcher. Kiner-Falefa popped out to shortstop. White grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 13 - Rangers 6.	Athletics race to large, early lead, defeat Rangers 13-6