Athletics - Top 1st. Morgan pitching for Indians. Canha flied out to center. Marte struck out swinging. Olson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Bassitt pitching for Athletics. Straw struck out looking. Rosario doubled to deep center. Rosario to third on pickoff error by pitcher Bassitt. Ramírez grounded out to shortstop. Reyes fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 2nd. Morgan pitching for Indians. Moreland hit by pitch. Harrison walked, Moreland to second. Murphy doubled to center, Harrison scored and Moreland scored. Chapman walked. Brown fouled out to third. Andrus flied out to center. Canha grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Chapman to second, Murphy to third. Marte hit by pitch, Murphy scored, Canha to second, Chapman to third. Olson grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Kemp at second base. Bassitt pitching for Athletics. Ramos singled to right center. Zimmer flied out to left. Mercado flied out to right. Miller struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Morgan pitching for Indians. Moreland flied out to left. Kemp flied out to shortstop. Murphy flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Bassitt pitching for Athletics. Giménez grounded out to shortstop. Straw struck out swinging. Rosario struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Morgan pitching for Indians. Chapman walked. Brown popped out to third. Andrus singled to shallow right center, Chapman to third. Canha grounded out to shortstop, Chapman scored, Andrus to second. Marte doubled to left, Andrus scored. Olson grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Bassitt pitching for Athletics. Ramírez popped out to third. Reyes grounded out to third. Ramos lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Garza pitching for Indians. Moreland homered to right (379 feet). Kemp walked. Kemp to second on passed ball by Ramos. Murphy walked. Chapman walked, Murphy to second, Kemp to third. Perez pitching for Indians. Brown fouled out to first. Andrus walked, Kemp scored, Chapman to second, Murphy to third. Canha lined out to right. Marte singled to left, Murphy scored, Andrus to second, Chapman to third. Olson singled to shallow center, Andrus scored and Chapman scored, Marte to third. Moreland flied out to left. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Bassitt pitching for Athletics. Zimmer walked. Mercado singled to shallow center, Zimmer to second. Miller grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Mercado out at second, Zimmer to third. Giménez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Perez pitching for Indians. Kemp reached on infield single to second. Murphy walked, Kemp to second. Chapman walked, Murphy to second, Kemp to third. Brown hit sacrifice fly to right, Kemp scored, Murphy to third. Young pitching for Indians. Andrus grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Murphy scored, Chapman out at second. Canha grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Andrus out at second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Bassitt pitching for Athletics. Straw walked. Rosario flied out to right. Ramírez struck out swinging. Reyes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Piscotty hit for Marte. Young pitching for Indians. Piscotty hit by pitch. Olson grounded into double play, third to shortstop to first, Piscotty out at second. Moreland flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Piscotty in right field. Brown in center field. Puk pitching for Athletics. Ramos popped out to first. Zimmer walked. Mercado grounded into double play, third to second to first, Zimmer out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Young pitching for Indians. Kemp singled to right. Murphy struck out swinging. Chapman walked, Kemp to second. Brown singled to left center, Chapman to second, Kemp to third. Andrus lined out to right. Canha doubled to right, Kemp scored and Chapman scored, Brown to third. Parker pitching for Indians. Piscotty singled to shallow left, Brown scored and Canha scored. Olson popped out to third. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Guerra pitching for Athletics. Miller flied out to right. Giménez flied out to center. Straw lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Parker pitching for Indians. Moreland homered to right center (400 feet). Kemp singled to shallow right. Murphy singled to left, Kemp to second. Chapman struck out swinging. Brown struck out looking. Andrus grounded into fielder's choice to third, Murphy out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Diekman pitching for Athletics. Rosario grounded out to third. Ramírez fouled out to catcher. Reyes grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 17 - Indians 0.	Moreland 2 HRs, Bassitt AL-high 12th W, A's bop Indians 17-0