Athletics - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Royals. Harrison flied out to left. Marte singled to right. Olson singled to center, Marte to second. Lowrie struck out swinging, Marte caught stealing third, catcher to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Manaea pitching for Athletics. Merrifield singled to left center. Lopez bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Merrifield out at second. Perez flied out to center, Lopez to second. Benintendi singled to right center, Lopez scored, Benintendi thrown out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Royals. Canha walked. Brown singled to shallow left, Canha to second. Gomes flied out to right. Kemp grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Brown out at second, Canha to third. Kemp stole second. Andrus singled to left, Canha scored and Kemp scored. Harrison walked, Andrus to second. Marte grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Harrison out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Manaea pitching for Athletics. Santana struck out swinging. Mondesi hit by pitch. Dozier struck out swinging. Alberto lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Royals. Olson walked. Lowrie grounded out to first, Olson to third. Canha singled to center, Olson scored. Brown walked, Canha to second. Gomes struck out swinging. Kemp lined out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Manaea pitching for Athletics. Olivares grounded out to first. Merrifield grounded out to second. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Royals. Andrus singled to center. Harrison flied out to left, Andrus to second. Marte lined out to right, Andrus to third. Olson homered to left (367 feet), Andrus scored. Lowrie struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Manaea pitching for Athletics. Perez singled to left. Benintendi singled to center, Perez to second. Santana singled to center, Benintendi to second, Perez to third. Mondesi grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Perez scored, Santana out at second, Benintendi to third. Mondesi stole second. Dozier walked. Alberto singled to center, Benintendi scored and Mondesi scored, Dozier to third. Olivares grounded into double play, third to second to first, Alberto out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Royals. Canha singled to shallow left. Brown singled to right, Canha to second. Zuber pitching for Royals. Gomes walked, Brown to second, Canha to third. Kemp singled to center, Canha scored, Gomes to second, Brown to third. Andrus flied out to second. Harrison singled to right, Brown scored and Gomes scored, Kemp to third. Holland pitching for Royals. Marte grounded into double play, third to second to first, Harrison out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Manaea pitching for Athletics. Merrifield struck out swinging. Lopez lined out to left. Perez homered to right center (413 feet). Benintendi singled to right. Santana singled to right center, Benintendi to second. Mondesi grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Santana out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Holland pitching for Royals. Olson fouled out to catcher. Lowrie flied out to left. Canha reached on infield single to pitcher. Brown struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Trivino pitching for Athletics. Dozier struck out swinging. Alberto flied out to right. Olivares doubled to deep center. Olivares to third on wild pitch by Trivino. Merrifield struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Zimmer pitching for Royals. Gomes lined out to center. Kemp singled to right. Andrus singled to center, Kemp to third. Harrison singled to right, Kemp scored, Andrus to second. Marte singled to center, Andrus scored and Harrison scored on fielding error by center fielder Olivares, Marte to second. Speier pitching for Royals. Olson struck out swinging. Davis hit for Lowrie. Davis singled to right, Marte scored. Canha grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 7th. Davis as designated hitter. Trivino pitching for Athletics. Lopez reached on infield single to second. Perez struck out swinging. Lopez to third on wild pitch by Trivino. Benintendi singled to center, Lopez scored. Santana struck out swinging. Mondesi struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Isbel in center field. O'Hearn at first base. O'Hearn at first base. Dozier at third base. Alberto at second base. Olivares in right field. Blewett pitching for Royals. Brown flied out to center. Gomes fouled out to shortstop. Kemp grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Diekman pitching for Athletics. Dozier doubled to deep center. Alberto flied out to right. Olivares singled to right, Dozier scored. Isbel struck out looking. Lopez hit by pitch, Olivares to second. O'Hearn walked, Lopez to second, Olivares to third. Benintendi singled to right, Lopez scored and Olivares scored, O'Hearn to third. Chafin pitching for Athletics. Rivero popped out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Blewett pitching for Royals. Andrus doubled to deep center. Harrison struck out swinging. Marte struck out looking. Olson popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Chafin pitching for Athletics. Mondesi walked. Dozier singled to center, Mondesi to third. Alberto reached on bunt single to catcher, Dozier to second. Olivares grounded out to second, Mondesi scored, Alberto to second, Dozier to third. Isbel struck out swinging. Lopez walked. O'Hearn grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 12 - Royals 10.	A's hold off Royals 12-10 to keep pace in AL wild-card race