Athletics - Top 1st. Anderson pitching for Mariners. Harrison flied out to left. Pinder struck out swinging. Olson popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Bassitt pitching for Athletics. Crawford doubled to left. France walked. Seager flied out to center, France to second, Crawford to third. Haniger walked. Toro flied into double play, center to catcher, Crawford thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Anderson pitching for Mariners. Gomes struck out swinging. Canha singled to right, Canha out stretching at second. Chapman popped out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Bassitt pitching for Athletics. Kelenic fouled out to catcher. Torrens singled to deep right. Fraley flied out to right. Murphy flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Anderson pitching for Mariners. Brown grounded out to second. Murphy safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Toro. Kemp flied out to left. Harrison grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Bassitt pitching for Athletics. Crawford doubled to deep right. France flied out to right, Crawford to third. Seager grounded out to shortstop. Haniger popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Anderson pitching for Mariners. Pinder homered to center (407 feet). Olson flied out to left. Gomes flied out to second. Canha flied out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Bassitt pitching for Athletics. Toro struck out swinging. Kelenic walked. Petit pitching for Athletics. Torrens singled to center, Kelenic to second. Fraley doubled to right, Torrens scored and Kelenic scored, Fraley to third. Murphy grounded out to third. Crawford flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Misiewicz pitching for Mariners. Chapman flied out to center. Brown popped out to first. Murphy singled to right. Kemp singled to center, Murphy to second. Sadler pitching for Mariners. Harrison grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Romo pitching for Athletics. France grounded out to third. Seager flied out to left. Haniger struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Sadler pitching for Mariners. Pinder grounded out to third. Olson grounded out to second. Gomes struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Romo pitching for Athletics. Toro reached on infield single to shortstop. Kelenic lined out to center. Torrens singled to right center, Toro to second. Fraley grounded into fielder's choice to third, Torrens out at second, Toro to third. Murphy reached on infield single to shortstop, Toro scored, Fraley to second, Fraley safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Harrison. Diekman pitching for Athletics. Crawford grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 7th. Castillo pitching for Mariners. Canha safe at first on fielding error by pitcher Castillo. Chapman flied out to center. Brown struck out swinging. Murphy hit by pitch, Canha to second. Kemp singled to right, Canha scored, Murphy to third. Sewald pitching for Mariners. Harrison flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Diekman pitching for Athletics. France flied out to center. Seager struck out looking. Haniger homered to left (398 feet). Toro walked. Kelenic grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Sewald pitching for Mariners. Pinder struck out swinging. Olson singled to left. Gomes popped out to second. Canha flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Trivino pitching for Athletics. Torrens struck out swinging. Fraley walked. Murphy reached first base on catcher's interference, Murphy to first on error by catcher Murphy, Fraley to second on error. Crawford struck out swinging. France grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Murphy out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 9th. Steckenrider pitching for Mariners. Chapman singled to left. Brown struck out swinging. Murphy struck out looking. Kemp flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 2 - Mariners 4.	Haniger's homer helps M's beat A's 4-2, close in wild card