Red Sox - Top 1st. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Ellsbury popped out to shortstop. Victorino struck out swinging. Pedroia singled to center. Napoli struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Gardner struck out swinging. Nunez grounded out to shortstop. Cano struck out swinging, Cano safe at first on wild pitch by Lester. Youkilis flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Middlebrooks grounded out to third. Saltalamacchia walked. Gomes reached on infield single to shortstop, Saltalamacchia to second. Bradley Jr. walked, Saltalamacchia to third, Gomes to second. Iglesias reached on infield single to shortstop, Saltalamacchia scored, Gomes to third, Bradley Jr. to second. Ellsbury grounded into fielder's choice to first, Gomes out at home, Bradley Jr. to third, Iglesias to second. Victorino singled to left, Bradley Jr. and Iglesias scored, Ellsbury to second. Pedroia singled to right, Ellsbury scored, Victorino to second. Napoli flied out to center. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Wells grounded out to shortstop. Francisco walked. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Francisco out at second. Nix struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Middlebrooks struck out swinging. Saltalamacchia struck out looking. Gomes popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Cervelli flied out to center. Gardner reached on infield single to pitcher. Nunez struck out looking. Gardner to second on wild pitch by Lester. Cano flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Bradley Jr. struck out swinging. Iglesias reached on bunt single to first. Ellsbury singled to left, Iglesias to second. Victorino grounded out to pitcher, Iglesias to third, Ellsbury to second. Pedroia grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Youkilis doubled to left. Wells walked. Francisco fouled out to catcher. Suzuki singled to right center, Youkilis to third, Wells to second. Nix struck out looking. Cervelli singled to left, Youkilis and Wells scored, Suzuki to third. Gardner lined out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Napoli grounded out to second. Middlebrooks fouled out to first. Saltalamacchia doubled to deep left. Gomes intentionally walked. Bradley Jr. walked, Saltalamacchia to third, Gomes to second. Iglesias popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Nunez struck out swinging. Cano singled to center. Youkilis flied out to center. Wells struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Phelps pitching for Yankees. Ellsbury tripled to deep right center. Victorino grounded out to second. Pedroia grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ellsbury out at home. Napoli flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Uehara pitching for Red Sox. Hafner hit for Francisco. Hafner popped out to shortstop. Suzuki popped out to third. Overbay hit for Nix. Overbay flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Youkilis at third base. Overbay at first base. Phelps pitching for Yankees. Middlebrooks walked. Saltalamacchia walked, Middlebrooks to second. Gomes flied out to right, Middlebrooks to third. Logan pitching for Yankees. Bradley Jr. grounded out to pitcher, Middlebrooks scored, Saltalamacchia to second. Iglesias reached on infield single to third, Saltalamacchia to third. Ellsbury lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Cervelli walked. Gardner walked, Cervelli to second. Nunez struck out looking. Cano struck out swinging. Bailey pitching for Red Sox. Youkilis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Kelley pitching for Yankees. Victorino grounded out to third. Pedroia grounded out to shortstop. Napoli struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Tazawa pitching for Red Sox. Wells flied out to right. Hafner singled to right center. Suzuki grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Hafner out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Chamberlain pitching for Yankees. Middlebrooks struck out looking. Saltalamacchia walked. Gomes singled to left, Saltalamacchia to second. Bradley Jr. walked, Saltalamacchia to third, Gomes to second. Iglesias struck out swinging. Ellsbury reached on infield single to second, Saltalamacchia and Gomes scored, Bradley Jr. to third. Victorino singled to right, Bradley Jr. scored, Ellsbury to second. Eppley pitching for Yankees. Ellsbury to third, Victorino to second on wild pitch by Eppley. Pedroia grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 9th. Hanrahan pitching for Red Sox. Overbay flied out to right. Cervelli grounded out to shortstop. Gardner fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 8 - Yankees 2.	Lester sharp as Red Sox drub Yanks