Red Sox - Top 1st. Holland pitching for Rangers. Ellsbury struck out swinging. Victorino struck out swinging. Pedroia grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Kinsler singled to center. Andrus grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Kinsler out at second. Berkman popped out to second. Beltre singled to right, Andrus out at third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Holland pitching for Rangers. Ortiz singled to shallow right. Napoli struck out swinging. Gomes struck out swinging. Middlebrooks flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Cruz flied out to center. Pierzynski grounded out to second. Baker doubled to left. Moreland singled to left center, Baker to third. Gentry reached on infield single to shortstop, Baker scored, Moreland to second, Moreland to third on throwing error by shortstop Ciriaco. Kinsler flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Holland pitching for Rangers. Saltalamacchia grounded out to third. Ciriaco grounded out to second. Ellsbury struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Andrus singled to center. Berkman grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Andrus out at second. Beltre singled to left. Cruz singled to left center, Beltre to second. Pierzynski struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Holland pitching for Rangers. Victorino singled to left. Pedroia struck out swinging. Ortiz grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Victorino out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Baker popped out to second. Moreland singled to left. Gentry struck out looking. Kinsler singled to left, Moreland to second. Andrus singled to left center, Moreland scored, Kinsler to second. Berkman walked, Kinsler to third, Andrus to second. Beltre doubled to deep center, Kinsler, Andrus and Berkman scored. Wilson pitching for Red Sox. Cruz singled to center, Beltre scored. Pierzynski lined out to third. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Murphy in left field. Holland pitching for Rangers. Napoli flied out to right. Gomes walked. Middlebrooks grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gomes out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Wilson pitching for Red Sox. Murphy struck out swinging. Moreland singled to right. Martin hit for Gentry. Martin singled to center, Moreland to second. Kinsler doubled to deep center, Moreland scored, Martin to third. Andrus flied out to right. Berkman grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Martin in center field. Holland pitching for Rangers. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Ciriaco singled to left. Ellsbury singled to center, Ciriaco to second. Victorino fouled out to third. Pedroia grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Wilson pitching for Red Sox. Beltre singled to left. Cruz grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Beltre out at second. Pierzynski safe at first on error by third baseman Middlebrooks. Murphy flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 7th. Holland pitching for Rangers. Ortiz grounded out to second. Napoli grounded out to shortstop. Gomes singled to center. Middlebrooks struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Wilson pitching for Red Sox. Moreland flied out to right. Martin walked. Mortensen pitching for Red Sox. Kinsler flied out to left. Andrus grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Holland pitching for Rangers. Saltalamacchia flied out to right. Ciriaco struck out swinging. Ellsbury singled to center. Victorino fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Mortensen pitching for Red Sox. Berkman fouled out to catcher. Beltre grounded out to pitcher. Cruz walked. Pierzynski singled to left, Cruz to third. Murphy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Lowe pitching for Rangers. Pedroia grounded out to third. Ortiz grounded out to second. Napoli grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 0 - Rangers 7.	Rangers rock Red Sox with 18 hits