Blue Jays - Top 1st. Dempster pitching for Red Sox. Cabrera struck out swinging. Bautista grounded out to shortstop. Encarnacion reached on infield single to third, Encarnacion to second on throwing error by third baseman Middlebrooks. Encarnacion to third on passed ball by Saltalamacchia. Arencibia grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Jenkins pitching for Blue Jays. Ellsbury popped out to second. Victorino lined out to center. Pedroia doubled to deep left. Napoli grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Dempster pitching for Red Sox. Lind singled to center. Lawrie struck out looking. Rasmus struck out looking. Bonifacio doubled to right, Lind to third. Kawasaki singled to right, Lind and Bonifacio scored. Cabrera grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Jenkins pitching for Blue Jays. Nava lined out to left. Carp grounded out to shortstop. Saltalamacchia hit ground rule double to deep right. Middlebrooks grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Dempster pitching for Red Sox. Bautista homered to left (389 feet). Encarnacion grounded out to second. Arencibia grounded out to second. Lind flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Jenkins pitching for Blue Jays. Drew lined out to center. Ellsbury singled to center. Victorino reached on infield single to catcher, Ellsbury to second. Pedroia grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Victorino out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Dempster pitching for Red Sox. Lawrie grounded out to shortstop. Rasmus walked. Bonifacio homered to right (387 feet), Rasmus scored. Kawasaki popped out to second. Cabrera struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Jenkins pitching for Blue Jays. Napoli homered to center (406 feet). Nava grounded out to first. Carp flied out to center. Saltalamacchia grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Dempster pitching for Red Sox. Bautista grounded out to catcher. Encarnacion homered to left (378 feet). Arencibia struck out swinging. Lind struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Jenkins pitching for Blue Jays. Middlebrooks struck out swinging. Drew walked. Ellsbury struck out swinging, Drew stole second. Victorino flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Lawrie homered to left center (431 feet). Rasmus lined out to center. Bonifacio singled to right. Kawasaki walked, Bonifacio to second. Mortensen pitching for Red Sox. Bonifacio stole third, Kawasaki stole second. Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to left, Bonifacio scored. Bautista homered to left (384 feet), Kawasaki scored. Encarnacion struck out looking. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Jenkins pitching for Blue Jays. Pedroia singled to left center. Napoli doubled to right, Pedroia to third. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. Nava hit sacrifice fly to right, Pedroia scored. Gomes hit for Carp. Gomes struck out swinging. Saltalamacchia flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Ciriaco at first base. Nava in right field. Gomes in left field. Mortensen pitching for Red Sox. Arencibia flied out to center. Lind grounded out to second. Lawrie lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. Middlebrooks struck out swinging. Drew struck out swinging. Ellsbury grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Breslow pitching for Red Sox. Rasmus grounded out to first. Bonifacio popped out to second. Kawasaki struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Rogers pitching for Blue Jays. Ciriaco homered to left (360 feet). Pedroia flied out to right. Napoli singled to right center. Nava walked, Napoli to second. Gomes hit by pitch, Napoli to third, Nava to second. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Saltalamacchia grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Napoli scored, Gomes out at second, Nava to third. Middlebrooks grounded into fielder's choice to third, Saltalamacchia out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. De La Torre pitching for Red Sox. Cabrera doubled to deep left. Bautista walked. Encarnacion singled to right, Cabrera scored, Bautista to third. Arencibia grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bautista scored, Encarnacion out at second. Lind grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Delabar pitching for Blue Jays. Drew singled to center. Ellsbury struck out looking. Ciriaco flied out to center. Pedroia flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 12 - Red Sox 4.	Jays rip Red Sox with 5-HR attack