Red Sox - Top 1st. Fister pitching for Tigers. Ellsbury grounded out to pitcher. Victorino homered to right (380 feet). Pedroia singled to right. Ortiz grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Pedroia out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Infante flied out to right. Hunter doubled to deep left. Cabrera singled to left, Hunter to third. Fielder grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cabrera out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Fister pitching for Tigers. Napoli singled to center. Nava grounded out to second, Napoli to second. Saltalamacchia grounded out to first, Napoli to third. Drew flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Martinez reached on infield single to third. Peralta singled to center, Martinez to second. Garcia struck out swinging. Dirks flied out to center. Pena singled to right, Martinez scored, Peralta to third. Infante grounded into fielder's choice to second, Pena out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Fister pitching for Tigers. Iglesias grounded out to second. Ellsbury singled to right. Victorino singled to right, Ellsbury to third. Pedroia grounded out to third, Ellsbury scored, Victorino to second. Ortiz intentionally walked. Napoli grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Hunter popped out to second. Cabrera walked. Fielder grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cabrera out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Fister pitching for Tigers. Nava flied out to left. Saltalamacchia singled to deep right. Drew singled to right, Saltalamacchia to second. Iglesias reached on infield single to shortstop, Saltalamacchia to third, Drew to second. Ellsbury doubled to right, Saltalamacchia and Drew scored, Iglesias to third. Victorino singled to center, Iglesias and Ellsbury scored. Pedroia singled to left center, Victorino to second. Downs pitching for Tigers. Ortiz grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Pedroia out at second. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Martinez grounded out to third. Peralta popped out to first. Garcia grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Downs pitching for Tigers. Napoli singled to left. Nava lined into double play, right to first, Napoli doubled off first. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Dirks homered to right (394 feet). Pena singled to right. Infante popped out to second. Hunter singled to left, Pena to second. Cabrera homered to left (406 feet), Pena and Hunter scored. Fielder flied out to center. Martinez walked. Peralta fouled out to right. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Downs pitching for Tigers. Drew grounded out to second. Iglesias tripled to right. Ellsbury struck out swinging. Victorino singled to left, Iglesias scored. Pedroia grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Garcia struck out swinging. Dirks walked. Pena struck out swinging. Tazawa pitching for Red Sox. Infante flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Coke pitching for Tigers. Ortiz grounded out to second. Napoli grounded out to third. Nava struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Tazawa pitching for Red Sox. Hunter grounded out to second. Cabrera singled to right. Breslow pitching for Red Sox. Fielder flied out to center. Martinez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Coke pitching for Tigers. Saltalamacchia walked. Drew hit ground rule double to deep right, Saltalamacchia to third. Alburquerque pitching for Tigers. Iglesias grounded out to second. Ellsbury intentionally walked. Victorino grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Saltalamacchia scored, Drew to third, Ellsbury to second. Pedroia popped out to second. Drew scored, Ellsbury to third, Victorino to second on wild pitch by Alburquerque. Ortiz intentionally walked. Napoli fouled out to catcher. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Andrew Breslow pitching for Red Sox. Peralta grounded out to third. Garcia lined out to center. Dirks walked. Pena flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Reed pitching for Tigers. Nava struck out looking. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Drew singled to right. Iglesias singled to right center, Drew to second, Drew scored, Iglesias to second on error by center fielder Garcia. Ellsbury lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Infante struck out swinging. Hunter walked. Cabrera singled to left, Hunter to third. Fielder grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hunter scored, Cabrera out at second. Martinez grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 10 - Tigers 6.	Red Sox dodge Cabrera HR