Red Sox - Top 1st. Harang pitching for Mariners. Ellsbury singled to right. Victorino grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ellsbury out at second. Pedroia grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Miller grounded out to shortstop. Franklin struck out swinging. Ibanez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Harang pitching for Mariners. Ortiz doubled to deep left. Napoli walked. Nava hit by pitch, Ortiz to third, Napoli to second. Saltalamacchia hit sacrifice fly to left, Ortiz scored, Napoli to third, Nava to second. Iglesias hit sacrifice fly to right, Napoli scored, Nava to third. Holt popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Morales struck out looking. Seager singled to left center. Bay grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Seager out at second. Smoak grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bay out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Harang pitching for Mariners. Ellsbury grounded out to second. Victorino grounded out to second. Pedroia walked. Ortiz homered to right (416 feet), Pedroia scored. Napoli walked. Nava singled to right, Napoli to third. Saltalamacchia flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Saunders grounded out to shortstop. Blanco fouled out to catcher. Miller singled to right. Franklin grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Miller out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Harang pitching for Mariners. Iglesias grounded out to third. Holt grounded out to second. Ellsbury doubled to deep center. Victorino singled to left, Ellsbury scored. Pedroia flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Ibanez walked. Morales flied out to center. Seager flied out to center. Bay flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Harang pitching for Mariners. Ortiz grounded out to second. Napoli grounded out to shortstop. Nava flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Smoak struck out swinging. Saunders doubled to deep right center. Blanco popped out to third. Miller walked. Franklin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Harang pitching for Mariners. Saltalamacchia singled to right. Iglesias reached on infield single to first, Saltalamacchia to second. Luetge pitching for Mariners. Holt grounded into fielder's choice to first, Iglesias out at second, Saltalamacchia to third. Ellsbury singled to right center, Saltalamacchia scored, Holt to third. Victorino singled to left, Holt scored, Ellsbury to second. Pedroia grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ellsbury scored on throwing error by shortstop Miller, Victorino safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Miller. Ortiz hit sacrifice fly to center, Victorino scored. Capps pitching for Mariners. Napoli grounded into fielder's choice to second, Pedroia out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Bradley Jr. in right field. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Ibanez struck out swinging. Morales grounded out to third. Seager grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Miller at second base. Ryan at shortstop. Ackley in left field. Capps pitching for Mariners. Nava walked. Saltalamacchia grounded into fielder's choice to second, Nava out at second. Iglesias hit by pitch, Saltalamacchia to second. Holt walked, Saltalamacchia to third, Iglesias to second. Carp hit for Ellsbury. Carp struck out looking. Bradley Jr. grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Carp in left field. Bradley Jr. in center field. Snyder at third base. Nava in right field. Holt at second base. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Bay doubled to deep center. Smoak flied out to center. Saunders grounded out to second, Bay to third. Blanco singled to center, Bay scored. Miller grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Perez pitching for Mariners. Snyder lined out to left. Lavarnway hit for Ortiz. Lavarnway grounded out to second. Napoli struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Workman pitching for Red Sox. Ryan homered to left (376 feet). Ackley doubled to deep center. Morales doubled to deep center, Ackley scored. Seager lined out to center, Morales to third. Bay struck out swinging. Smoak doubled to deep center, Morales scored. Saunders struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners. Nava walked. Saltalamacchia walked, Nava to second. Iglesias flied out to right, Nava to third. Nava scored, Saltalamacchia to second on wild pitch by Wilhelmsen. Holt singled to right, Saltalamacchia to third. Carp singled to left center, Saltalamacchia scored, Holt to second. Bradley Jr. struck out swinging. Snyder struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Workman pitching for Red Sox. Blanco struck out looking. Miller lined out to first. Ryan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 11 - Mariners 4.	Ortiz's big night leads Red Sox's rout of M's