Red Sox - Top 1st. Lyles pitching for Astros. Ellsbury lined out to shortstop. Victorino grounded out to first. Pedroia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Wright pitching for Red Sox. Grossman walked. Grossman stole second. Grossman to third on passed ball by Lavarnway. Barnes hit by pitch. Barnes to second on passed ball by Lavarnway. Grossman scored, Barnes to third on passed ball by Lavarnway. Altuve struck out swinging. Barnes scored on Lavarnway's passed ball. Castro singled to left. Krauss walked, Castro to second. Castro to third, Krauss to second on wild pitch by Wright. Wallace grounded out to second, Castro scored, Krauss to third. Dominguez flied out to left. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Lyles pitching for Astros. Ortiz singled to deep center. Napoli grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ortiz out at second. Carp struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Workman pitching for Red Sox. Hoes struck out swinging. Villar singled to center. Villar stole second. Grossman homered to right (393 feet), Villar scored. Barnes grounded out to shortstop. Altuve fouled out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Lyles pitching for Astros. Drew singled to left center. Lavarnway struck out looking. Holt grounded into fielder's choice to third, Drew out at second. Ellsbury homered to right center (430 feet), Holt scored. Victorino singled to right. Pedroia hit by pitch, Victorino to second. Ortiz singled to right, Victorino scored, Pedroia to third. Napoli struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Workman pitching for Red Sox. Castro struck out swinging. Krauss flied out to left. Wallace homered to right (366 feet). Dominguez lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Lyles pitching for Astros. Carp grounded out to second. Drew walked. Lavarnway struck out swinging. Holt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Workman pitching for Red Sox. Hoes tripled to deep center. Villar singled to shallow center, Hoes scored. Grossman sacrificed to third, Villar to second. Barnes walked. Villar caught stealing third, catcher to third, Barnes to second on runner's fielder's choice. Altuve grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Lyles pitching for Astros. Ellsbury walked. Victorino doubled to deep right, Ellsbury to third, Ellsbury scored on throwing error by right fielder Hoes. Pedroia doubled to deep right, Victorino scored. Ortiz singled to center, Pedroia to third. Napoli struck out swinging. Carp grounded out to first, Pedroia scored, Ortiz to second. Ortiz to third on wild pitch by Lyles. Drew walked. Lavarnway doubled to deep left center, Ortiz and Drew scored. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Holt grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 5th. Workman pitching for Red Sox. Castro walked. Krauss flied out to right. Wallace grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Castro out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Ellsbury walked. Victorino singled to center, Ellsbury to second. Pedroia singled to center, Ellsbury scored, Victorino to second. Ortiz reached on infield single to shortstop, Victorino scored, Pedroia to second, Pedroia to third, Ortiz to second on throwing error by shortstop Villar. Elmore at shortstop. Napoli grounded into fielder's choice to second, Pedroia out at home, Ortiz to third, Napoli to second. Gomes hit for Carp. Cisnero pitching for Astros. Gomes homered to left (366 feet), Ortiz and Napoli scored. Drew walked. Lavarnway flied out to center. Holt flied out to left. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 6th. Gomes in left field. Workman pitching for Red Sox. Dominguez grounded out to shortstop. Hoes singled to center. Elmore reached on infield single to shortstop, Hoes to second. Grossman singled to center, Hoes scored, Elmore to second. Barnes singled to left, Elmore to third, Grossman to second. Altuve grounded out to second, Elmore scored, Grossman to third, Barnes to second. Britton pitching for Red Sox. Castro struck out looking. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Cisnero pitching for Astros. Ellsbury homered to right (417 feet). Victorino walked. Pedroia popped out to second. Victorino to second on balk by Cisnero. Ortiz walked. Zeid pitching for Astros. Napoli walked, Victorino to third, Ortiz to second. Gomes singled to left, Victorino scored, Ortiz to third, Napoli to second. Drew grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ortiz out at home, Napoli to third, Gomes to second. Lavarnway struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Britton pitching for Red Sox. Krauss grounded out to second. Wallace struck out swinging. Dominguez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Corporan catching. Zeid pitching for Astros. Holt grounded out to second. Ellsbury struck out swinging. Victorino struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Britton pitching for Red Sox. Hoes struck out swinging. Elmore homered to left (380 feet). Grossman lined out to right. Barnes flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Lo pitching for Astros. Pedroia popped out to shortstop. Snyder hit for Ortiz. Snyder flied out to center. Napoli walked. Gomes struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 9th. De La Rosa pitching for Red Sox. Altuve grounded out to catcher. Corporan struck out swinging. Krauss struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 15 - Astros 10.	Red Sox rally big to pound Astros