Yankees - Top 1st. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Gardner grounded out to pitcher. Suzuki grounded out to pitcher. Cano grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Kuroda pitching for Yankees. Ellsbury singled to right. Victorino struck out swinging. Pedroia struck out swinging. Ortiz grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Soriano singled to center. Soriano stole second. Rodriguez walked. Granderson popped into double play, shortstop to second, Soriano doubled off second. Nunez walked, Rodriguez to second. Overbay singled to left, Rodriguez to third, Nunez to second. Stewart flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Kuroda pitching for Yankees. Carp grounded out to first. Nava doubled to deep left. Drew flied out to right, Nava to third. Saltalamacchia grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Gardner grounded out to first. Suzuki grounded out to second. Cano grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Kuroda pitching for Yankees. Middlebrooks singled to right center. Ellsbury grounded into double play, second to first, Middlebrooks out at second. Victorino reached on infield single to shortstop. Pedroia grounded into fielder's choice to second, Victorino out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Soriano singled to right. Soriano caught stealing second, catcher to second. Rodriguez struck out looking. Granderson singled to right. Granderson stole second. Nunez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Kuroda pitching for Yankees. Ortiz hit ground rule double to deep right. Carp singled to right, Ortiz to third. Nava struck out looking. Drew grounded into fielder's choice to first, Ortiz scored, Carp safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Nunez. Carp stole third, Drew stole second. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Middlebrooks reached on infield single to second, Carp scored, Drew to third. Ellsbury singled to right, Drew scored, Middlebrooks to second. Victorino grounded into fielder's choice to third, Middlebrooks out at third, Ellsbury to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 5th. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Overbay singled to center. Stewart hit ground rule double to left, Overbay to third. Gardner grounded out to pitcher. Suzuki grounded out to second, Overbay scored, Stewart to third. Cano grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Kuroda pitching for Yankees. Pedroia lined out to second. Ortiz struck out swinging. Carp grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Soriano grounded out to third. Rodriguez grounded out to second. Granderson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Kuroda pitching for Yankees. Nava doubled to deep left. Drew grounded out to second, Nava to third. Saltalamacchia singled to left center, Nava scored. Middlebrooks struck out looking. Ellsbury doubled to deep right, Saltalamacchia scored, Ellsbury to third on throwing error by second baseman Cano. Warren pitching for Yankees. Victorino flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 7th. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Nunez walked. Overbay grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Nunez out at second. Stewart hit by pitch. Breslow pitching for Red Sox. Wells hit for Gardner. Wells reached on infield single to shortstop, Stewart to second. Suzuki grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Wells in right field. Suzuki in center field. Warren pitching for Yankees. Pedroia popped out to first. Ortiz homered to center (413 feet). Carp doubled to left. Nava walked. Drew flied out to right. Saltalamacchia grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Andrew Breslow pitching for Red Sox. Cano grounded out to second. Tazawa pitching for Red Sox. Soriano struck out swinging. Rodriguez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Warren pitching for Yankees. Middlebrooks walked. Ellsbury struck out swinging. Victorino singled to left, Middlebrooks to second. Pedroia struck out swinging. Ortiz walked, Middlebrooks to third, Victorino to second. Logan pitching for Yankees. Carp grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ortiz out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Holt at second base. Uehara pitching for Red Sox. Granderson struck out swinging. Nunez struck out swinging. Overbay doubled to deep right. Stewart popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 1 - Red Sox 6.	Lackey, Red Sox shut down Yankees