Red Sox - Top 1st. Zito pitching for Giants. Ellsbury doubled to deep left. Victorino struck out swinging. Pedroia flied out to right, Ellsbury to third. Ortiz grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Torres reached on infield single to pitcher. Torres caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop to first. Scutaro walked. Belt flied out to right. Posey flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Zito pitching for Giants. Gomes struck out looking. Saltalamacchia walked. Drew flied out to right. Middlebrooks homered to left (396 feet), Saltalamacchia scored. Doubront grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Pence struck out swinging. Arias homered to left (413 feet). Kieschnick grounded out to second. Crawford popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Zito pitching for Giants. Ellsbury singled to right. Ellsbury stole second. Victorino reached on bunt single to pitcher, Ellsbury to third. Pedroia doubled to left, Ellsbury scored, Victorino to third. Ortiz struck out swinging. Gomes singled to shallow left, Victorino and Pedroia scored. Saltalamacchia grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gomes out at second. Drew grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Zito struck out swinging. Torres grounded out to shortstop. Scutaro flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Zito pitching for Giants. Middlebrooks walked. Doubront sacrificed to catcher, Middlebrooks to second. Ellsbury flied out to left. Victorino doubled to shallow right, Middlebrooks scored. Machi pitching for Giants. Pedroia grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Belt flied out to left. Posey flied out to right. Pence struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Machi pitching for Giants. Ortiz struck out swinging. Gomes struck out swinging. Saltalamacchia flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Napoli at first base. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Arias reached on infield single to second. Kieschnick popped out to second. Crawford lined out to left. Pill hit for Machi. Pill flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Kickham pitching for Giants. Drew grounded out to first. Middlebrooks grounded out to shortstop. Doubront struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Torres popped out to shortstop. Scutaro flied out to center. Belt flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Kickham pitching for Giants. Ellsbury reached on infield single to shortstop. Victorino flied out to center. Pedroia doubled to right, Ellsbury to third. Napoli struck out swinging. Gomes walked. Saltalamacchia singled to right, Ellsbury and Pedroia scored, Gomes to second. Drew homered to right (348 feet), Gomes and Saltalamacchia scored. Middlebrooks grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Bogaerts at third base. Middlebrooks at second base. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Posey reached on infield single to third. Pence grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Posey out at second. Arias flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Sanchez catching. Kickham pitching for Giants. Doubront grounded out to pitcher. Nava hit for Ellsbury. Nava safe at first on error by second baseman Scutaro. Victorino singled to left, Nava to second. Bogaerts grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Nava scored on throwing error by pitcher Kickham, Victorino safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Kickham. Napoli grounded into double play, third to second to first, Bogaerts out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Nava in right field. Victorino in center field. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Kieschnick grounded out to first. Crawford singled to left. Kickham grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Crawford out at second. Torres fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Kickham pitching for Giants. Gomes struck out swinging. Saltalamacchia grounded out to pitcher. Drew flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 9th. Uehara pitching for Red Sox. Scutaro grounded out to second. Belt struck out swinging. Sanchez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 12 - Giants 1.	Drew, Middlebrooks propel Red Sox