White Sox - Top 1st. Dempster pitching for Red Sox. De Aza walked. De Aza stole second. Beckham walked. Ramirez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Beckham out at second, De Aza to third. Dunn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Santiago pitching for White Sox. Ellsbury struck out swinging. Victorino walked. Victorino stole second. Pedroia walked. Ortiz grounded into fielder's choice to second, Victorino out at third, Pedroia to second. Gomes popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Dempster pitching for Red Sox. Konerko lined out to center. Garcia struck out swinging. Keppinger grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Santiago pitching for White Sox. Napoli struck out looking. Saltalamacchia flied out to center. Drew singled to shallow center. Middlebrooks grounded into fielder's choice to second, Drew out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Dempster pitching for Red Sox. Viciedo grounded out to third. Phegley struck out swinging. De Aza lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Santiago pitching for White Sox. Ellsbury grounded out to third. Victorino singled to left. Pedroia popped out to shortstop. Ortiz walked, Victorino to second. Gomes hit by pitch, Victorino to third, Ortiz to second. Napoli walked, Victorino scored, Ortiz to third, Gomes to second. Saltalamacchia popped out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Dempster pitching for Red Sox. Beckham lined out to shortstop. Ramirez grounded out to second. Dunn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Santiago pitching for White Sox. Drew struck out swinging. Middlebrooks walked. Middlebrooks stole second. Ellsbury grounded out to shortstop, Middlebrooks to third. Victorino singled to center, Middlebrooks scored. Pedroia doubled to left, Victorino to third. Ortiz singled to right, Victorino and Pedroia scored. Petricka pitching for White Sox. Gomes grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ortiz out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Dempster pitching for Red Sox. Konerko doubled to left. Garcia singled to left, Konerko to third. Keppinger grounded into fielder's choice to third, Konerko out at home, Garcia to second. Viciedo singled to center, Garcia scored, Keppinger to second. Phegley flied out to center, Keppinger to third. De Aza grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Petricka pitching for White Sox. Napoli grounded out to second. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Drew flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Dempster pitching for Red Sox. Beckham struck out looking. Ramirez lined out to shortstop. Dunn walked. Konerko popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Purcey pitching for White Sox. Middlebrooks singled to center. Ellsbury struck out swinging, Middlebrooks to second on wild pitch by Purcey. Victorino grounded out to shortstop. Pedroia intentionally walked. Ortiz walked, Middlebrooks to third, Pedroia to second. Gomes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Dempster pitching for Red Sox. Garcia homered to right center (399 feet). Keppinger grounded out to shortstop. Viciedo singled to left. Tazawa pitching for Red Sox. Phegley flied out to left. De Aza tripled to deep right, Viciedo scored. Beckham flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Purcey pitching for White Sox. Napoli flied out to center. Saltalamacchia lined out to third. Drew flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Tazawa pitching for Red Sox. Ramirez grounded out to pitcher. Morales pitching for Red Sox. Dunn grounded out to first. Uehara pitching for Red Sox. Konerko flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Lindstrom pitching for White Sox. Middlebrooks flied out to right. Ellsbury grounded out to shortstop. Victorino flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Uehara pitching for Red Sox. Garcia struck out swinging. Keppinger struck out swinging. Viciedo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 3 - Red Sox 4.	Dempster, back from suspension, lifts Red Sox