Red Sox - Top 1st. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Ellsbury struck out swinging. Victorino grounded out to first. Pedroia singled to left. Ortiz grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Hunter flied out to right. Cabrera walked. Fielder singled to center, Cabrera to second. Martinez flied out to center. Peralta singled to left, Cabrera thrown out at home, Fielder to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Napoli homered to center (460 feet). Gomes safe at first on error by third baseman Cabrera. Drew struck out swinging. Bogaerts doubled to left, Gomes to third. Ross doubled to deep left, Gomes scored, Bogaerts to third. Ellsbury reached on infield single to second, Bogaerts scored, Ross to third. Ellsbury stole second. Victorino grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ross out at home. Pedroia grounded into fielder's choice to second, Victorino out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Infante lined out to shortstop. Avila flied out to left. Jackson singled to center. Jackson to second on passed ball by Ross. Iglesias struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Ortiz popped out to shortstop. Napoli hit ground rule double to deep left. Gomes grounded out to pitcher, Napoli to third. Napoli scored on Sanchez' wild pitch. Drew grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Hunter grounded out to third. Cabrera struck out looking. Fielder grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Bogaerts struck out looking. Ross singled to left. Ellsbury grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ross out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Martinez singled to shallow center. Peralta flied out to center. Infante walked, Martinez to second. Pena hit for Avila. Pena grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Infante out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Pena catching. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Victorino grounded out to first. Pedroia flied out to center. Ortiz singled to shallow left. Napoli singled to center, Ortiz to second. Gomes grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Jackson singled to center. Iglesias sacrificed to pitcher, Jackson to second. Hunter fouled out to catcher. Cabrera singled to left center, Jackson scored. Fielder grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Drew struck out swinging. Bogaerts popped out to shortstop. Ross struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Martinez walked. Peralta struck out swinging. Infante singled to center, Martinez to second. Tazawa pitching for Red Sox. Pena singled to left center, Martinez scored, Infante to second. Tazawa pitching for Red Sox. Pena singled to left center, Martinez scored, Infante to second. Jackson grounded into double play, third to second to first, Pena out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Coke pitching for Tigers. Ellsbury flied out to center. Veras pitching for Tigers. Victorino struck out swinging. Pedroia reached on infield single to second. Pedroia stole second. Ortiz lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Tazawa pitching for Red Sox. Iglesias singled to left center. Hunter singled to right, Iglesias to third. Cabrera grounded into double play, second to first, Iglesias scored, Hunter out at second. Breslow pitching for Red Sox. Fielder grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Veras pitching for Tigers. Napoli struck out swinging. Gomes grounded out to shortstop. Drew popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Andrew Breslow pitching for Red Sox. Martinez grounded out to first. Uehara pitching for Red Sox. Peralta struck out swinging. Infante struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Kelly in left field. Alburquerque pitching for Tigers. Bogaerts walked. Middlebrooks ran for Bogaerts. Ross sacrificed to third, Middlebrooks to second, Middlebrooks to third advancing on throw. Ellsbury intentionally walked. Ellsbury stole second. Victorino struck out swinging. Pedroia flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Middlebrooks at third base. Uehara pitching for Red Sox. Pena flied out to left. Jackson flied out to center. Iglesias popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 4 - Tigers 3.	Red Sox pull within win of Series