Indians - Top 1st . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Francisco grounded out to third . Cabrera lined out to first . Martinez walked . DeRosa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Sowers pitching for Indians . Lugo tripled to deep center . Pedroia singled to left , Lugo scored . Bay grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pedroia out at second . Lowell grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bay out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Dellucci struck out looking . Garko flied out to left . Peralta struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Sowers pitching for Indians . Baldelli flied out to right . Drew grounded out to shortstop . Bailey singled to right . Bailey to second on passed ball by Martinez . Green grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . LaPorta walked . Valbuena grounded into fielder 's choice to second , LaPorta out at second . Francisco grounded into double play , third to second to first , Valbuena out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Sowers pitching for Indians . Kottaras flied out to center . Lugo lined out to center . Pedroia flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Cabrera singled to right . Cabrera stole second . Martinez grounded out to second , Cabrera to third . DeRosa flied out to right . Dellucci hit by pitch . Garko walked , Dellucci to second . Peralta grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Sowers pitching for Indians . Bay popped out to shortstop . Lowell flied out to center . Baldelli grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . LaPorta singled to left . Valbuena doubled to left , LaPorta to third . LaPorta scored , Valbuena to third on wild pitch by Wakefield . Francisco hit by pitch . Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to center , Valbuena scored , Francisco to second . Francisco to third on wild pitch by Wakefield . Martinez walked . DeRosa grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Martinez out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Sowers pitching for Indians . Drew struck out swinging . Bailey grounded out to second . Green doubled to deep left . Kottaras popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Dellucci flied out to center . Garko grounded out to third . Peralta reached on infield single to third . LaPorta flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Sowers pitching for Indians . Lugo singled to left . Pedroia walked , Lugo to second . Bay doubled to deep center , Lugo scored , Pedroia to third . Lowell intentionally walked . Baldelli singled to center , Pedroia and Bay scored , Lowell to third . Drew walked , Baldelli to second . Kobayashi pitching for Indians . Bailey doubled to left , Lowell and Baldelli scored , Drew to third . Green reached on infield single to second . Kottaras singled to center , Drew and Bailey scored , Green to second . Lugo reached on infield single to third , Green to third , Kottaras to second . Pedroia singled to left , Green and Kottaras scored , Lugo to second . Herges pitching for Indians . Bay homered to right center , Lugo and Pedroia scored . Lowell grounded out to shortstop . Baldelli struck out swinging . Drew grounded out to second . 12 Runs , 9 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox . Valbuena popped out to third . Francisco singled to left center , Francisco out stretching at second . Cabrera struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Barfield at second base . Valbuena at third base . Herges pitching for Indians . Bailey grounded out to third . Green popped out to second . Kottaras struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Lopez pitching for Red Sox . Martinez grounded out to shortstop . Barfield singled to left . Dellucci grounded out to first , Barfield to second . Garko doubled to left , Barfield scored . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Lewis pitching for Indians . Lugo flied out to left . Pedroia grounded out to shortstop . Bay grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Saito pitching for Red Sox . LaPorta grounded out to first . Valbuena popped out to third . Francisco hit by pitch . Cabrera flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 3 - Red Sox 13 .	BoSox score record 12 runs in inning , cruise \n\n