Angels - Top 1st. Wheeler pitching for Mets. Maybin struck out swinging. Calhoun flied out to center. Trout struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 1st. Meyer pitching for Angels. Conforto walked. Reyes singled to left center, Conforto to second. Bruce walked, Conforto to third, Reyes to second. Walker grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Conforto scored, Bruce out at second, Reyes to third. Granderson struck out swinging. T.J. Rivera grounded into fielder's choice to third, Walker out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Wheeler pitching for Mets. Valbuena walked. Simmons lined out to center. Marte lined out to left. Pennington flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 2nd. Meyer pitching for Angels. Duda flied out to center. Rivera struck out swinging. Wheeler struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Wheeler pitching for Mets. Graterol grounded out to second. Meyer singled to shallow right. Maybin walked, Meyer to second. Calhoun grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Maybin out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 3rd. Meyer pitching for Angels. Conforto walked. Reyes singled to right, Conforto to third. Reyes stole second. Bruce hit sacrifice fly to center, Conforto scored, Reyes to third. Walker struck out looking. Granderson hit by pitch. T.J. Rivera struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Wheeler pitching for Mets. Trout walked. Valbuena struck out looking. Simmons grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Trout out at second. Marte grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 4th. Meyer pitching for Angels. Duda flied out to right. Rivera struck out looking. Wheeler struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Wheeler pitching for Mets. Pennington singled to shallow center. Graterol struck out swinging. Meyer struck out swinging. Maybin singled to left, Pennington to second. Calhoun lined out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 5th. Meyer pitching for Angels. Conforto doubled to deep left center. Reyes walked. Bruce grounded into fielder's choice to second, Conforto to third, Reyes safe at second on error by second baseman Pennington. Álvarez pitching for Angels. Walker singled to right, Conforto scored, Reyes to third, Bruce to second. Granderson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Reyes out at home, Bruce to third, Walker to second. Parker pitching for Angels. T.J. Rivera hit sacrifice fly to left, Bruce scored. Duda struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 6th. Wheeler pitching for Mets. Trout walked. Valbuena walked, Trout to second. Simmons singled to shallow left, Trout to third, Valbuena to second. Marte hit by pitch, Trout scored, Valbuena to third, Simmons to second. Salas pitching for Mets. Pennington flied out to left. Revere hit for Graterol. Revere grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Valbuena scored, Marte out at second, Simmons to third. Maldonado hit for Parker. Maldonado flied out to right. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 6th. Petit pitching for Angels. Maldonado catching. Rivera struck out swinging. Reynolds hit for Salas. Reynolds grounded out to shortstop. Conforto grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Gsellman pitching for Mets. Maybin grounded out to third. Calhoun flied out to left. Trout struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 7th. Petit pitching for Angels. Reyes flied out to center. Bruce popped out to third. Walker flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Gsellman pitching for Mets. Valbuena struck out swinging. Simmons singled to center. Marte grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Simmons out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 8th. Petit pitching for Angels. Granderson struck out swinging. T.J. Rivera struck out swinging. Duda doubled to deep right. Rivera intentionally walked. Flores hit for Gsellman. Lagares ran for Duda. Flores doubled to deep left, Lagares scored, Rivera to third, Rivera to third on error by shortstop Simmons. Conforto intentionally walked. Hernandez pitching for Angels. Cron at first base. Reyes singled to right, Rivera and Flores scored, Conforto to second. Bruce batting. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 9th. Ramírez pitching for Mets. Lagares in center field. Flores at first base. Pennington walked. Cron singled to shallow left, Pennington to second. Maldonado reached on infield single to shortstop, Pennington to third, Cron to second. Reed pitching for Mets. Maybin walked, Pennington scored, Cron to third, Maldonado to second. Calhoun singled to shallow center, Cron scored, Maldonado to third, Maybin to second. Trout hit sacrifice fly to right, Maldonado scored. Valbuena fouled out to catcher. Simmons walked, Maybin to third, Calhoun to second. Espinosa hit for Hernandez. Espinosa struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 5 - Mets 7.	Milestone night for Reyes, Collins as Mets hold off Angels