Mets - Top 1st. Perdomo pitching for Padres. Conforto hit ground rule double to deep left. Cabrera walked. Céspedes grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cabrera out at second, Conforto to third. Bruce grounded into fielder's choice to first, Conforto scored, Céspedes out at second. Flores singled to center, Bruce to second. Granderson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Flexen pitching for Mets. Margot homered to left (354 feet). Asuaje walked. Myers singled to left, Asuaje to second. Renfroe grounded out to third, Asuaje to third, Myers to second. Spangenberg bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Asuaje out at home, Myers to third. Myers out at home on runner's fielder's choice. Blash batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Perdomo pitching for Padres. d'Arnaud grounded out to shortstop. Reynolds singled to left. Flexen struck out swinging. Conforto grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Flexen pitching for Mets. Blash singled to center. Coleman hit by pitch, Blash to second. Torrens walked, Blash to third, Coleman to second. Perdomo struck out looking. Margot doubled to deep center, Blash and Coleman scored, Torrens to third, Torrens scored on throwing error by center fielder Conforto. Asuaje walked. Myers popped out to second. Renfroe lined out to right. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mets - Top 3rd. Perdomo pitching for Padres. Cabrera doubled to deep left. Céspedes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cabrera out at third. Bruce struck out looking. Flores lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Flexen pitching for Mets. Spangenberg walked. Blash struck out swinging. Coleman singled to center, Spangenberg to second. Torrens grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Coleman out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 4th. Perdomo pitching for Padres. Granderson walked. d'Arnaud flied out to left. Reynolds lined out to right. deGrom hit for Flexen. deGrom grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Pill pitching for Mets. Perdomo grounded out to shortstop. Margot reached on bunt single to third. Asuaje grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Margot out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Perdomo pitching for Padres. Conforto singled to right center. Cabrera flied out to center. Céspedes grounded into double play, second to first, Conforto out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Pill pitching for Mets. Myers grounded out to shortstop. Renfroe struck out swinging. Spangenberg walked. Blash walked, Spangenberg to second. Coleman homered to right center (418 feet), Spangenberg and Blash scored. Torrens grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. Perdomo pitching for Padres. Bruce grounded out to second. Flores grounded out to first. Granderson doubled to deep right. d'Arnaud grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Edgin pitching for Mets. Perdomo grounded out to shortstop. Margot grounded out to third. Asuaje grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Perdomo pitching for Padres. Reynolds reached on infield single to third. Matz hit for Edgin. Matz grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Reynolds out at second. Conforto grounded into fielder's choice to first, Matz out at second. Cabrera singled to deep right, Conforto to third. Céspedes doubled to deep center, Conforto scored, Cabrera to third. Torres pitching for Padres. Cabrera scored, Céspedes to third on balk by Torres. Bruce homered to right (371 feet), Céspedes scored. Maton pitching for Padres. Flores popped out to second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Salas pitching for Mets. Myers flied out to center. Renfroe flied out to center. Spangenberg struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 8th. Maton pitching for Padres. Granderson struck out swinging. d'Arnaud struck out swinging. Reynolds struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Goeddel pitching for Mets. Blash struck out swinging. Coleman struck out swinging. Torrens grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. Szczur in left field. Hand pitching for Padres. Reyes hit for Goeddel. Reyes struck out swinging. Conforto grounded out to pitcher. Cabrera struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 5 - Padres 7.	Padres knock off Mets 7-5 behind rookies Margot, Coleman