Marlins - Top 1st. Montero pitching for Mets. Gordon grounded out to pitcher. Stanton walked. Yelich lined out to left. Ozuna reached on infield single to third, Stanton to second. Realmuto grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Stanton out at third, Ozuna to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 1st. Richard Worley pitching for Marlins. Nimmo grounded out to first. Cabrera singled to right. Céspedes grounded into double play, third to second to first, Cabrera out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Montero pitching for Mets. Dietrich walked. Moore grounded into double play, third to second to first, Dietrich out at second. Rojas grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 2nd. Richard Worley pitching for Marlins. Conforto struck out looking. Flores grounded out to shortstop. Smith walked. Rosario grounded into fielder's choice to second, Smith out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Montero pitching for Mets. Worley struck out swinging. Gordon singled to left center. Stanton grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gordon out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 3rd. Richard Worley pitching for Marlins. Plawecki grounded out to shortstop. Montero grounded out to pitcher. Nimmo lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Montero pitching for Mets. Yelich struck out swinging. Ozuna singled to left. Realmuto grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ozuna out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 4th. Richard Worley pitching for Marlins. Cabrera struck out looking. Céspedes lined out to left. Conforto grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Montero pitching for Mets. Dietrich singled to center. Moore grounded into double play, third to second to first, Dietrich out at second. Rojas struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 5th. Richard Worley pitching for Marlins. Flores flied out to right. Smith grounded out to pitcher. Rosario singled to center. Plawecki grounded into fielder's choice to second, Rosario out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Montero pitching for Mets. Worley singled to shallow right center. Gordon hit into fielder's choice to center, Worley out at second. Gordon stole second. Stanton walked. Yelich struck out swinging. Ozuna singled to left, Gordon scored, Stanton to second. Realmuto struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 6th. Reynolds hit for Montero. Richard Worley pitching for Marlins. Reynolds walked. Nimmo singled to shallow right, Reynolds to third. Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to right, Reynolds scored. Steckenrider pitching for Marlins. Céspedes singled to left, Nimmo to second. Nimmo to third, Céspedes to second on wild pitch by Steckenrider. Conforto safe at first on error by shortstop Rojas, Nimmo and Céspedes scored. Flores homered to left (404 feet), Conforto scored. Smith safe at first on error by shortstop Rojas. Rosario struck out swinging. Plawecki homered to left (383 feet), Smith scored. Tazawa pitching for Marlins. Reynolds safe at first on error by third baseman Dietrich. Nimmo lined out to center. 7 Runs, 4 Hits, 3 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Robles pitching for Mets. Dietrich walked. Moore grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Dietrich out at second. Rojas lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 7th. Ellington pitching for Marlins. Cabrera grounded out to first. Céspedes walked. Conforto singled to center, Céspedes to third. Flores grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Conforto out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Suzuki hit for Ellington. Robles pitching for Mets. Suzuki popped out to shortstop. Gordon grounded out to second. Stanton walked. Yelich lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 8th. Telis catching. Guerra pitching for Marlins. Smith homered to right center (394 feet). Rosario struck out swinging. Plawecki lined out to center. Lagares hit for Robles. Lagares fouled out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Lagares in center field. Bradford pitching for Mets. Ozuna walked. Telis grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Ozuna out at second. Dietrich grounded out to pitcher, Telis to second. Moore walked. Rojas lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 1 - Mets 8.	Montero shuts down Marlins in Mets' 8-1 win