Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Flexen pitching for Mets. Peralta reached on infield single to shortstop. Peralta stole second. Pollock walked. Lamb flied out to center, Peralta to third. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Martinez singled to right center, Peralta scored, Pollock to third. Descalso grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 1st. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Nimmo doubled to left center. Cabrera struck out swinging. Conforto singled to right, Nimmo scored. Flores grounded out to third, Conforto to second. Smith struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Flexen pitching for Mets. Iannetta fouled out to catcher. Marte flied out to left. Godley struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 2nd. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. d'Arnaud safe at first on error by third baseman Lamb. Rosario struck out looking. Lagares struck out swinging. Flexen struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Flexen pitching for Mets. Peralta walked. Pollock flied out to center. Lamb doubled to deep right center, Peralta to third. Goldschmidt grounded into fielder's choice to third, Peralta out at home, Lamb to third. Martinez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Goldschmidt out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 3rd. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Nimmo walked. Cabrera grounded into double play, second to first, Nimmo out at second. Conforto grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Flexen pitching for Mets. Descalso lined out to left. Iannetta struck out swinging. Marte walked. Godley struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 4th. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Flores grounded out to shortstop. Smith walked. d'Arnaud walked, Smith to second. Rosario singled to right center, Smith scored, d'Arnaud to second. Lagares grounded into double play, third to second to first, Rosario out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Flexen pitching for Mets. Peralta singled to left. Pollock grounded into fielder's choice to third, Peralta out at second. Lamb walked, Pollock to second. Goldschmidt reached on infield single to shortstop, Pollock to third, Lamb to second. Martinez lined out to center, Pollock out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 5th. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Flexen grounded out to third. Nimmo walked. Cabrera grounded out to pitcher, Nimmo to second. Conforto singled to right, Nimmo scored. Flores popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Flexen pitching for Mets. Descalso flied out to right. Iannetta homered to center (425 feet). Marte popped out to shortstop. Drury hit for Godley. Drury struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 6th. Barrett pitching for Diamondbacks. Smith homered to right (382 feet). d'Arnaud singled to right center. Rosario singled to right center, d'Arnaud to second. Lagares grounded into double play, third to second to first, Rosario out at second, d'Arnaud to third. Céspedes hit for Flexen. Céspedes intentionally walked. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Nimmo walked, Céspedes to second. Cabrera struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Blevins pitching for Mets. Peralta singled to right. Pollock hit by pitch, Peralta to second. Lamb grounded into fielder's choice to first, Pollock out at second, Peralta to third. Sewald pitching for Mets. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Martinez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lamb out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 7th. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Conforto grounded out to shortstop. Flores grounded out to third. Smith struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Sewald pitching for Mets. Descalso struck out swinging. Iannetta grounded out to first. Marte flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 8th. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. d'Arnaud flied out to center. Rosario struck out swinging. Lagares singled to center. Reynolds hit for Sewald. Reynolds struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Reynolds at third base. Ramos pitching for Mets. Fuentes hit for Hernandez. Fuentes struck out swinging. Peralta struck out swinging. Pollock walked. Lamb flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 2 - Mets 4.	Flexen, Smith lead Mets over Diamondbacks 4-2