Mets - Top 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Reyes grounded out to third. Lagares flied out to right. Cabrera walked. Cabrera to second on wild pitch by Gonzalez. Flores singled to center, Cabrera thrown out at home, Cabrera to third advancing on play. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Gsellman pitching for Mets. Kendrick grounded out to third. Difo safe at first on error by pitcher Gsellman. Rendon doubled to deep left, Difo to third. Difo scored, Rendon to third on wild pitch by Gsellman. Lind grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rendon scored. Wieters struck out swinging. Taylor singled to left, Lind to second. Stevenson walked, Lind to third, Taylor to second. Sánchez singled to left, Lind and Taylor scored, Stevenson to second. Gonzalez grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Mets - Top 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Rosario grounded out to shortstop. Plawecki popped out to shortstop. Taijeron grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Gsellman pitching for Mets. Kendrick walked. Difo singled to shallow center, Kendrick to second. Rendon grounded into double play, third to first, Kendrick out at third, Difo to second. Lind singled to right, Difo scored. Wieters grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Nimmo struck out swinging. Gsellman grounded out to shortstop. Reyes doubled to deep left center. Lagares singled to left, Reyes scored. Cabrera popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Gsellman pitching for Mets. Taylor singled to left. Stevenson lined out to shortstop. Sánchez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Taylor out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Flores singled to center. Rosario lined into double play, to first, Flores doubled off first. Plawecki hit by pitch. Taijeron grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Plawecki out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Gsellman pitching for Mets. Gonzalez flied out to right. Kendrick singled to center. Difo grounded out to second, Kendrick to second. Rendon singled to center, Kendrick scored. Lind singled to center, Rendon to second. Wieters fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Nimmo grounded out to second. Cecchini hit for Gsellman. Cecchini grounded out to shortstop. Reyes struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Bradford pitching for Mets. Taylor grounded out to shortstop. Stevenson grounded out to pitcher. Sánchez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Lagares grounded out to pitcher. Cabrera lined out to center. Flores homered to center (389 feet). Rosario flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Bradford pitching for Mets. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Kendrick flied out to right. Difo grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Plawecki singled to center. Taijeron popped out to second. Nimmo grounded out to second, Plawecki to second. d'Arnaud hit for Bradford. Albers pitching for Nationals. d'Arnaud grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Smoker pitching for Mets. Rendon popped out to second. Lind struck out swinging. Wieters struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 8th. Kintzler pitching for Nationals. Reyes singled to right center. Lagares bunt popped out foul to catcher. Cabrera doubled to deep left center, Reyes to third. Flores doubled to deep right, Reyes and Cabrera scored. Rosario flied out to right. Plawecki singled to center, Flores to third. Taijeron grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Familia pitching for Mets. Taylor singled to center. Taylor stole second. Stevenson sacrificed to third, Taylor to third. Sánchez singled to left, Taylor scored. Murphy hit for Kintzler. Jackson ran for Sánchez. Murphy walked, Jackson to second. Kendrick singled to center, Jackson scored, Murphy to second. Difo singled to right, Murphy scored, Kendrick to third. Difo stole second. Rendon fouled out to first. Lind intentionally walked. Wieters lined out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. Murphy at second base. Pérez pitching for Nationals. Nimmo flied out to center. Reynolds hit for Familia. Familia tripled to deep right center. Reyes fouled out to first. Lagares struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 4 - Nationals 9.	Sanchez drives in 3 runs as Nationals beat Mets 9-4