Astros - Top 1st . Jackson pitching for Nationals . Schafer struck out swinging . Altuve tripled to deep right . Martinez reached on infield single to shortstop , Altuve scored . Lee singled to left , Martinez to second . Bogusevic tripled to deep right , Martinez and Lee scored . Downs tripled to deep center , Bogusevic scored . Castro singled to right , Downs scored . Gonzalez flied out to center . Norris popped out to second . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Norris pitching for Astros . Lombardozzi grounded out to shortstop . Espinosa struck out swinging . Zimmerman flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Jackson pitching for Nationals . Schafer struck out swinging . Altuve struck out looking . Martinez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Norris pitching for Astros . LaRoche singled to right . Werth flied out to right . LaRoche to second on wild pitch by Norris . Ankiel fouled out to first . Ramos singled to left , LaRoche scored . Bernadina walked , Ramos to second . Jackson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Jackson pitching for Nationals . Lee struck out swinging . Bogusevic reached on infield single to shortstop . Downs flied out to left . Castro flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Norris pitching for Astros . Lombardozzi singled to center . Espinosa doubled to deep right , Lombardozzi to third . Zimmerman homered to left center ( 414 feet ) , Lombardozzi and Espinosa scored . LaRoche walked . Werth struck out swinging . Ankiel singled to right , LaRoche to second . Ramos flied out to center . Bernadina struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Jackson pitching for Nationals . Gonzalez bunt grounded out to catcher . Norris flied out to right . Schafer grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Norris pitching for Astros . Jackson reached on infield single to shortstop . Lombardozzi fouled out to third . Espinosa singled to right , Jackson to second . Zimmerman struck out swinging . LaRoche grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Jackson pitching for Nationals . Altuve struck out swinging . Martinez grounded out to pitcher . Lee grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Norris pitching for Astros . Werth struck out looking . Ankiel grounded out to second . Ramos flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Gorzelanny pitching for Nationals . Bernadina in center field . Nady in left field . Bogusevic singled to left . Downs grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bogusevic out at second . Castro singled to left , Downs to second . Gonzalez reached on infield single to third , Downs to third , Castro to second . Norris singled to center , Downs and Castro scored , Gonzalez to second . Schafer singled to center , Gonzalez to third , Norris to second . Altuve doubled to deep center , Gonzalez and Norris scored , Schafer to third . Martinez grounded out to pitcher , Schafer scored , Altuve to third . Lee grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Norris pitching for Astros . Bernadina reached on infield single to first . Nady flied out to center . Lombardozzi singled to right , Bernadina to second . Espinosa flied out to center . Zimmerman popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . DeRosa in right field . Gorzelanny pitching for Nationals . Bogusevic grounded out to third . Downs hit ground rule double to deep left center . Castro singled to center , Downs scored . Gonzalez flied out to left . Maxwell hit for Norris . Maxwell struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Lopez pitching for Astros . LaRoche lined out to shortstop . DeRosa grounded out to first . Tracy hit for Gorzelanny . Tracy flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Mattheus pitching for Nationals . Schafer grounded out to second . Altuve flied out to center . Martinez singled to left center . Lee singled to center , Martinez to second . Bogusevic flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Carpenter pitching for Astros . Ramos struck out swinging . Bernadina singled to center . Nady flied out to right . Lombardozzi grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Downs flied out to right . Castro struck out swinging . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Myers pitching for Astros . Espinosa struck out looking . Zimmerman grounded out to pitcher . LaRoche grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 11 - Nationals 4 .	Astros win after hitting 3 triples in 1st inning    \n\n