Nationals - Top 1st . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Lombardozzi singled to right center . Harper lined out to shortstop . Zimmerman singled to left , Lombardozzi to second . LaRoche struck out swinging . Desmond struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Wang pitching for Nationals . Reyes grounded out to pitcher . Infante doubled to right . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop , Infante to third . Stanton singled to left , Infante scored . Morrison grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Espinosa tripled to deep center . Bernadina hit sacrifice fly to center , Espinosa scored . Solano struck out looking . Wang grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Wang pitching for Nationals . Petersen singled to right . Buck walked , Petersen to second . Coghlan struck out swinging . Johnson sacrificed into fielder 's choice to catcher , Petersen to third , Buck to second . Reyes lined out to right , Petersen thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Lombardozzi singled to right center . Harper flied out to left . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Lombardozzi caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . LaRoche batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Wang pitching for Nationals . Infante struck out swinging . Ramirez singled to center . Ramirez caught stealing second , catcher to second . Stanton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Johnson pitching for Marlins . LaRoche doubled to deep right . Desmond grounded out to second , LaRoche to third . Espinosa singled to right , LaRoche scored . Bernadina doubled to deep right center , Espinosa scored , Bernadina out stretching at third . Solano lined out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Wang pitching for Nationals . Morrison walked . Petersen walked , Morrison to second . Buck grounded out to first , Morrison to third , Petersen to second . Coghlan hit sacrifice fly to left , Morrison scored , Petersen to third . Johnson singled to left center , Petersen scored . Reyes singled to center , Johnson to second . Infante struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Wang grounded out to shortstop . Lombardozzi grounded out to second . Harper lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Wang pitching for Nationals . Ramirez doubled to deep left . Stanton hit by pitch . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Morrison struck out swinging . Petersen walked , Ramirez to third , Stanton to second . Buck grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ramirez scored , Stanton to third , Petersen safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Zimmerman . Coghlan grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Buck out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 6th . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop . LaRoche popped out to shortstop . Desmond walked . Espinosa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Murphy hit for Johnson . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Murphy flied out to center . Reyes singled to center . Reyes picked off first . Infante flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Mujica pitching for Marlins . Bernadina bunt grounded out to catcher . Solano flied out to right . Brown hit for Detwiler . Brown struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Perry pitching for Nationals . Ramirez singled to left . Ramirez caught stealing second , catcher to second . Stanton homered to left ( 409 feet ) . Gorzelanny pitching for Nationals . Morrison lined out to center . Petersen struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Mujica pitching for Marlins . Lombardozzi flied out to left . Harper grounded out to first . Zimmerman flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Gorzelanny pitching for Nationals . Buck struck out swinging . Coghlan grounded out to first . Solano hit for Mujica . Solano walked . Reyes grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Solano out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Bell pitching for Marlins . LaRoche doubled to deep right center . Desmond grounded out to second , LaRoche to third . Espinosa struck out swinging . Bernadina walked . Ankiel hit for Solano . Ankiel struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 3 - Marlins 5 .	Stanton 's 12th homer of May powers Marlins