Nationals - Top 1st . Friedrich pitching for Rockies . Espinosa grounded out to third . Harper grounded out to third . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Fowler lined out to right . Pacheco flied out to center . Gonzalez singled to right . Cuddyer singled to right , Gonzalez to third . Helton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Friedrich pitching for Rockies . Morse grounded out to shortstop . LaRoche homered to left ( 403 feet ) . Desmond doubled to left . Moore singled to left , Desmond to third . Flores grounded into double play , third to second to first , Moore out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Nelson lined out to right . Rosario struck out swinging . Herrera grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Friedrich pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Espinosa singled to center . Harper struck out swinging . Zimmerman doubled to center , Espinosa to third . Morse doubled to deep right center , Espinosa and Zimmerman scored . LaRoche struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Friedrich struck out swinging . Fowler struck out looking . Pacheco singled to center . Gonzalez doubled to deep left , Pacheco scored . Cuddyer walked . Helton singled to center , Gonzalez scored , Cuddyer to third , Cuddyer scored , Helton to second on throwing error by center fielder Harper . Nelson flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 4th . Friedrich pitching for Rockies . Desmond singled to center . Moore struck out looking . Desmond out at second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Flores doubled to deep left . Gonzalez singled to left , Flores scored . Espinosa grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gonzalez out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Rosario flied out to center . Herrera lined out to left . Friedrich struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Friedrich pitching for Rockies . Harper flied out to right . Moscoso pitching for Rockies . Zimmerman singled to right . Morse singled to left , Zimmerman to second . LaRoche walked , Zimmerman to third , Morse to second . Desmond doubled to deep left , Zimmerman and Morse scored , LaRoche to third . Moore homered to left center ( 462 feet ) , LaRoche and Desmond scored . Flores struck out swinging . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Fowler homered to right ( 391 feet ) . Pacheco singled to left center . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Cuddyer grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pacheco safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Zimmerman . Helton grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cuddyer out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 6th . Moscoso pitching for Rockies . Espinosa grounded out to second . Harper flied out to left . Zimmerman homered to left center ( 411 feet ) . Morse singled to right . LaRoche homered to left ( 414 feet ) , Morse scored . Desmond doubled to left . Moore struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Nelson struck out swinging . Rosario grounded out to shortstop . Herrera homered to left ( 367 feet ) . Young Jr. hit for Moscoso . Young Jr. flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Colvin at first base . Putnam pitching for Rockies . Young Jr. in left field . Flores singled to right . DeRosa hit for Gonzalez . DeRosa walked , Flores to second . Espinosa grounded out to first , Flores to third , DeRosa to second . Harper reached on infield single to third . Zimmerman flied out to right , Flores out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Ankiel in center field . Stammen pitching for Nationals . DeRosa at third base . Fowler struck out swinging . Pacheco singled to left . Colvin singled to right , Pacheco to second . Cuddyer struck out swinging . Nieves hit for Putnam . Nieves grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pacheco out at third , Colvin to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Colvin in right field . Reynolds pitching for Rockies . Nieves at first base . Morse singled to right center . LaRoche struck out swinging . Desmond struck out swinging . Moore grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Morse out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Nelson singled to left . Rosario grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Nelson out at second . Herrera struck out swinging . Young Jr. grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Reynolds pitching for Rockies . Flores popped out to second . DeRosa hit ground rule double to left . Espinosa flied out to center . Lombardozzi hit for Stammen . Lombardozzi grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Fowler singled to center . Pacheco grounded out to second , Fowler to second . Colvin struck out swinging . Giambi hit for Reynolds . Giambi grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 12 - Rockies 5 .	Nats erupt for 4 HRs , 21 hits , rout Rockies