Nationals - Top 1st . Zambrano pitching for Marlins . Lombardozzi grounded out to shortstop . Harper walked . Zimmerman singled to center , Harper to second . LaRoche lined into double play , second to shortstop , Harper doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Jackson pitching for Nationals . Reyes struck out swinging . Bonifacio reached on infield single to second . Bonifacio stole second , Bonifacio safe at third on throwing error by catcher Flores . Lee grounded out to third . Morrison walked . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Morrison out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 2nd . Zambrano pitching for Marlins . Morse struck out swinging . Espinosa tripled to deep right . Bernadina walked . Flores hit sacrifice fly to right , Espinosa scored . Jackson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bernadina out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Jackson pitching for Nationals . Dobbs grounded out to first . Infante flied out to center . Hayes grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Zambrano pitching for Marlins . Lombardozzi lined out to left . Harper grounded out to second . Zimmerman homered to left center ( 391 feet ) . LaRoche flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Jackson pitching for Nationals . Zambrano singled to right . Reyes singled to center , Zambrano to second . Bonifacio sacrificed to third , Zambrano to third , Reyes to second . Lee singled to center , Zambrano and Reyes scored . Morrison flied out to center . Ramirez homered to left center ( 415 feet ) , Lee scored . Dobbs grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Zambrano pitching for Marlins . Morse singled to right . Espinosa singled to right , Morse to second . Bernadina grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Espinosa out at second , Morse to third . Flores grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Jackson pitching for Nationals . Infante grounded out to third . Hayes singled to center . Zambrano sacrificed to first , Hayes to second . Reyes grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Zambrano pitching for Marlins . Jackson walked . Lombardozzi flied out to center . Harper lined into double play , shortstop to first , Jackson doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Jackson pitching for Nationals . Bonifacio bunt grounded out to pitcher . Lee grounded out to shortstop . Morrison flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Zambrano pitching for Marlins . Zimmerman doubled to deep right . LaRoche struck out swinging . Morse singled to center , Zimmerman scored . Espinosa doubled to deep left , Morse to third . Bernadina walked . Flores grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bernadina out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Jackson pitching for Nationals . Ramirez walked . Gorzelanny pitching for Nationals . Dobbs bunt popped out to catcher . Ramirez stole second . Infante struck out looking . Hayes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . LeBlanc pitching for Marlins . Ruggiano in right field . DeRosa hit for Gorzelanny . DeRosa flied out to right . Lombardozzi singled to left . Harper popped out to second . Webb pitching for Marlins . Zimmerman hit by pitch . Choate pitching for Marlins . LaRoche struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Ruggiano doubled to left . Reyes sacrificed to pitcher , Ruggiano to third . Bonifacio sacrificed to catcher , Ruggiano scored . Lee walked . Morrison fouled out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Bell pitching for Marlins . Cousins in left field . Morse singled to center . Espinosa struck out swinging . Bernadina flied out to right . Flores struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Rodriguez pitching for Nationals . Ramirez struck out looking . Cousins flied out to center . Infante flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Dunn pitching for Marlins . Moore hit for Rodriguez . Moore flied out to center . Lombardozzi lined out to shortstop . Harper singled to left . Harper to second on fielder 's indifference . Zimmerman walked . LaRoche struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 3 - Marlins 5 .	Ramirez homers as Marlins earn split with Nats