Brewers - Top 1st . Wang pitching for Nationals . Aoki grounded out to catcher . Weeks reached on infield single to shortstop . Braun singled to center , Weeks to second . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Braun out at second , Weeks to third . Ramirez stole second . Hart grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Werth flied out to right . Harper grounded out to second . Zimmerman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Wang pitching for Nationals . Lucroy grounded out to pitcher . Schafer singled to left . Schafer caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Segura struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . LaRoche doubled to right . Morse struck out swinging . Desmond reached on infield single to third , LaRoche to third . Espinosa lined into double play , to first , Desmond doubled off first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Wang pitching for Nationals . Gallardo reached on infield single to shortstop . Aoki grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Gallardo out at second . Weeks struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Wang doubled to deep center . Werth singled to right , Wang to third . Harper grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Werth out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Wang pitching for Nationals . Braun doubled to center . Ramirez flied out to center . Hart singled to left , Braun to third . Lucroy singled to right , Braun scored , Hart to second . Schafer doubled to deep right , Hart scored , Lucroy to third . Segura grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lucroy out at home , Schafer to third . Gallardo grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Zimmerman walked . LaRoche struck out looking . Morse grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Zimmerman out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Aoki flied out to right . Weeks struck out swinging . Braun walked . Ramirez doubled to deep left , Braun to third . Hart walked . Lucroy popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Desmond walked . Espinosa doubled to deep left , Desmond to third . Suzuki struck out swinging . Tracy hit for Stammen . Tracy singled to right , Desmond scored , Espinosa to third . Perez ran for Tracy . Werth hit sacrifice fly to left , Espinosa scored . Harper struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Duke pitching for Nationals . Gomez hit for Schafer . Gomez grounded out to third . Segura bunt popped out to catcher . Torrealba hit for Gallardo . Torrealba walked . Aoki flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Gomez in center field . Kintzler pitching for Brewers . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop . LaRoche lined out to second . Morse walked . Desmond doubled to left , Morse to third . Espinosa intentionally walked . Suzuki struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Mattheus pitching for Nationals . Lombardozzi at second base . Weeks reached on infield single to third . Braun grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Weeks out at second . Ramirez doubled to deep right , Braun to third . Hart intentionally walked . Lucroy reached on infield single to shortstop , Braun scored , Ramirez to third , Hart to second . Gomez singled to right , Ramirez scored , Hart to third , Lucroy to second . Segura grounded out to shortstop , Hart scored , Lucroy to third , Gomez to second . Ishikawa hit for Kintzler . Ishikawa struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Rodriguez pitching for Brewers . Lombardozzi grounded out to third . Werth struck out swinging . Harper struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Aoki safe at first on error by second baseman Lombardozzi . Weeks singled to center , Aoki to second , Aoki to third , Weeks to second on error by center fielder Harper . Braun hit sacrifice fly to center , Aoki scored , Weeks to third . Ramirez flied out to center . Hart flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Green at first base . Henderson pitching for Brewers . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop . LaRoche struck out looking . Morse struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Bernadina in left field . Lucroy struck out swinging . Gomez doubled to deep right . Segura grounded out to first , Gomez to third . Bianchi hit for Henderson . Bianchi struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Morgan in left field . Veras pitching for Brewers . Desmond walked . Bernadina lined out to shortstop . Desmond stole second . Suzuki struck out swinging . Lombardozzi walked . Axford pitching for Brewers . Werth lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 6 - Nationals 2 .	Lucroy , Brewers handle Nats , stay in playoff hunt