Rays - Top 1st. Alcantara pitching for Marlins. Wendle homered to right (399 feet). Choi lined out to right. Díaz hit by pitch. Tsutsugo homered to right (407 feet), Díaz scored. Adames singled to center. Adames to second on wild pitch by Alcantara. O'Grady struck out swinging. Renfroe flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Snell pitching for Rays. Berti walked. Berti picked off and caught stealing second. Dickerson grounded out to first. Cooper struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 2nd. Alcantara pitching for Marlins. Kiermaier grounded out to pitcher. Smith grounded out to shortstop. Wendle flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Snell pitching for Rays. Anderson struck out swinging. Brinson flied out to center. Villar grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 3rd. Alcantara pitching for Marlins. Choi singled to center. Díaz grounded into double play, third to second to first, Choi out at second. Tsutsugo struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Snell pitching for Rays. Rojas lined out to right. Diaz struck out looking. Wallach grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 4th. Alcantara pitching for Marlins. Adames flied out to left. O'Grady singled to center. O'Grady stole second. Renfroe safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Villar, O'Grady safe at third on error. Renfroe stole second. Kiermaier walked. Smith grounded into fielder's choice to third, O'Grady scored on error and Kiermaier scored on throwing error by third baseman Anderson, Renfroe out at third. Wendle grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Snell pitching for Rays. Berti grounded out to third. Dickerson homered to right center (398 feet). Cooper grounded out to third. Anderson grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 5th. Alcantara pitching for Marlins. Choi doubled to deep center. Díaz safe at first on fielding error by shortstop Rojas. Tsutsugo walked, Díaz to second, Choi to third. Dugger pitching for Marlins. Adames homered to left (376 feet), Choi scored, Díaz scored and Tsutsugo scored. O'Grady doubled to right. Renfroe doubled to deep right, O'Grady scored. Kiermaier homered to right center (427 feet), Renfroe scored. Smith walked. Wendle grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Smith out at second. Choi lined out to second. Brosseau hit for Díaz. Brosseau reached on infield single to shortstop, Wendle to second. Tsutsugo grounded out to first. 7 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Brosseau at third base. O'Grady in center field. Arozarena in left field. Snell pitching for Rays. Brinson homered to center (431 feet). Villar singled to right center. Rojas reached on infield single to second, Villar to second. Diaz struck out swinging. Wallach walked, Rojas to second, Villar to third. Berti flied out to right. Dickerson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 6th. Leibrandt pitching for Marlins. Adames popped out to shortstop. O'Grady grounded out to third. Renfroe flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Banda pitching for Rays. Cooper homered to center (455 feet). Anderson walked. Brinson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Anderson out at second. Villar reached on infield single to catcher. Rojas hit by pitch, Villar to second. Diaz struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 7th. Leibrandt pitching for Marlins. Arozarena walked. Smith walked, Arozarena to second. Wendle flied out to center. Choi grounded out to first, Smith to second, Arozarena to third. Brosseau flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Banda pitching for Rays. Wallach doubled to left. Berti walked. Dickerson walked, Berti to second, Wallach to third. Cooper doubled to left, Dickerson scored, Wallach scored and Berti scored. Joyce hit for Anderson. Joyce singled to right, Cooper scored on error, Joyce safe at second on fielding error by right fielder Renfroe. Slegers pitching for Rays. Brinson struck out looking. Villar popped out to shortstop. Rojas struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rays - Top 8th. Berti at third base. Joyce in right field. Brinson in center field. García pitching for Marlins. Tsutsugo doubled to right. Adames struck out swinging. O'Grady flied out to center, Tsutsugo to third. Renfroe grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Slegers pitching for Rays. Diaz lined out to right. Wallach grounded out to third. Berti grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 9th. Vincent pitching for Marlins. Arozarena grounded out to second. Smith doubled to deep right. Wendle grounded out to first, Smith to third. Choi popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Sherriff pitching for Rays. Dickerson grounded out to first. Cooper grounded out to second. Joyce flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rays 12 - Marlins 7.	Adames hits grand slam, surging Rays beat Marlins for sweep