Astros - Top 1st . Miller pitching for Rangers . Springer reached on infield single to shortstop . Altuve popped out to second . Bregman hit by pitch , Springer to second . Bregman stole second , Springer stole third . Bregman stole second , Springer stole third . Brantley grounded out to first , Springer scored , Bregman to third . Correa walked . Gurriel flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Verlander pitching for Astros . Choo doubled to first . Odor popped out to shortstop . Andrus grounded out to third , Choo to third . Mazara grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Miller pitching for Rangers . Reddick singled to center . Chirinos struck out swinging . Kemp reached on infield single to first , Reddick to third . Springer hit sacrifice fly to center , Reddick scored . Altuve reached on infield single to catcher , Kemp to third . Altuve stole second . Altuve stole second . Bregman walked . Brantley lined out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Verlander pitching for Astros . Gallo walked . Cabrera homered to right ( 389 feet ) , Gallo scored . Guzmán struck out swinging . Mathis reached on infield single to third . DeShields walked , Mathis to second . Choo grounded into fielder 's choice to first , DeShields out at second , Mathis to third . Odor flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Miller pitching for Rangers . Correa lined out to center . Gurriel reached on infield single to shortstop . Reddick walked , Gurriel to second . Chirinos struck out swinging . Kemp lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Verlander pitching for Astros . Andrus flied out to left . Mazara grounded out to second . Gallo walked . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Miller pitching for Rangers . Springer walked . Altuve popped out to second . Bregman singled to shallow right , Bregman thrown out at second , Springer to third . Brantley walked . Chavez pitching for Rangers . Brantley stole second . Brantley stole second . Correa struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Verlander pitching for Astros . Guzmán struck out swinging . Mathis grounded out to shortstop . DeShields struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Chavez pitching for Rangers . Gurriel singled to center . Reddick reached on bunt single to catcher , Gurriel to second . Chirinos sacrificed to pitcher , Reddick to second , Gurriel to third . Kemp grounded out to second , Gurriel scored , Reddick to third . Springer struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Verlander pitching for Astros . Choo tripled to deep center . Odor hit by pitch . Andrus singled to right , Choo scored , Odor to second . Mazara singled to right , Odor scored , Andrus to third . Harris pitching for Astros . Gallo grounded into double play , shortstop to pitcher to first , Mazara to third , Andrus out at home in rundown . Cabrera struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Chavez pitching for Rangers . Altuve grounded out to shortstop . Bregman doubled to right . Brantley lined out to center . Correa doubled to right , Bregman scored . Kelley pitching for Rangers . Gurriel flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Valdez pitching for Astros . Guzmán struck out looking . Mathis grounded out to third . DeShields walked . Choo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Kelley pitching for Rangers . Reddick singled to right . Chirinos grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Reddick out at second . Kemp struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Valdez pitching for Astros . Odor reached on infield single to second . Andrus doubled to deep right , Odor to third . Mazara flied out to left . Gallo reached on infield single to second , Odor scored and Andrus scored . Cabrera lined out to second . Guzmán struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Martin pitching for Rangers . Springer reached on infield single to shortstop . Altuve popped out to first . Bregman grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Springer out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Rondón pitching for Astros . Mathis struck out swinging . DeShields grounded out to shortstop . Choo grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Leclerc pitching for Rangers . Brantley grounded out to first . Correa grounded out to pitcher . Gurriel grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 4 - Rangers 6 .	Gallo hard 2 - run grounder pushes Rangers past Astros 6 - 4