Angels - Top 1st . Lynn pitching for Rangers . Calhoun popped out to shortstop . Trout grounded out to second . Bour struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Harvey pitching for Angels . Choo singled to right center . Santana struck out swinging . Andrus grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Choo out at second . Andrus caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Matt Harvey pitches to Nomar Mazara . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Lynn pitching for Rangers . Simmons singled to center . Goodwin singled to left , Simmons to second . Lucroy singled to center , Simmons scored , Goodwin to second . La Stella lined out to center , Goodwin to third . Cozart lined out to third . Fletcher grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lucroy out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Harvey pitching for Angels . Mazara grounded out to second . Gallo struck out looking . Cabrera flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Lynn pitching for Rangers . Calhoun struck out swinging . Trout walked . Bour flied out to left . Simmons doubled to deep left , Trout scored . Goodwin walked . Lucroy walked , Goodwin to second , Simmons to third . La Stella flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Harvey pitching for Angels . Forsythe grounded out to third . Kiner - Falefa grounded out to second . DeShields lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Lynn pitching for Rangers . Cozart flied out to left . Fletcher popped out to shortstop . Calhoun grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Harvey pitching for Angels . Choo walked . Santana grounded out to second , Choo to third . Andrus lined out to shortstop . Choo scored on error by second baseman La Stella , Mazara safe at first on error by second baseman La Stella . Gallo struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Lynn pitching for Rangers . Trout singled to right center . Bour flied out to center . Simmons grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Trout out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Harvey pitching for Angels . Cabrera singled to right . Forsythe singled to left , Cabrera to second . Kiner - Falefa singled to center , Cabrera scored , Forsythe to second . DeShields sacrificed to pitcher , Kiner - Falefa to second , Forsythe to third . Choo tripled to right , Forsythe scored and Kiner - Falefa scored . Buttrey pitching for Angels . Santana doubled to deep center , Choo scored . Andrus walked . Mazara struck out swinging , Andrus to second on wild pitch by Buttrey , Santana to third on wild pitch by Buttrey . Gallo struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Lynn pitching for Rangers . Goodwin flied out to left . Lucroy singled to left . La Stella grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lucroy out at second . Cozart singled to left , La Stella to second . Chavez pitching for Rangers . Fletcher grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cozart out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Bedrosian pitching for Angels . Cabrera walked . Forsythe flied out to center . Kiner - Falefa flied out to right . DeShields struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Kelley pitching for Rangers . Calhoun struck out swinging . Trout grounded out to second . Bour doubled to deep right . Simmons struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . García pitching for Angels . Choo grounded out to second . Santana popped out to shortstop . Andrus struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Wisdom at third base . Martin pitching for Rangers . Goodwin grounded out to shortstop . Lucroy grounded out to first . La Stella homered to right center ( 385 feet ) . Cozart lined out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Robles pitching for Angels . Mazara flied out to left . Gallo flied out to right . Wisdom struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Leclerc pitching for Rangers . Fletcher doubled to deep left . Calhoun walked . Trout hit by pitch , Calhoun to second , Fletcher to third . Bour struck out looking . Simmons grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Fletcher scored , Trout to second , Calhoun out at third . Goodwin struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 4 - Rangers 5 .	Choo 's 3B helps Rangers finish sweep of Angels with 5 - 4 win