Astros - Top 1st . Miller pitching for Rangers . Springer flied out to center . Bregman singled to center . Brantley grounded out to second , Bregman to second . Correa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . McHugh pitching for Astros . Choo doubled to deep center . Santana grounded out to first , Choo to third . Andrus hit by pitch . Gallo tripled to right , Choo scored and Andrus scored . Pence hit sacrifice fly to right , Gallo scored . Forsythe popped out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Miller pitching for Rangers . Gurriel grounded out to shortstop . Reddick struck out swinging . Díaz lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . McHugh pitching for Astros . Wisdom struck out swinging . Mathis lined out to right . DeShields lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Miller pitching for Rangers . Chirinos doubled to right . Kemp grounded out to second , Chirinos to third . Springer walked . Bregman walked , Springer to second . Brantley hit sacrifice fly to center , Chirinos scored . Correa lined out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . McHugh pitching for Astros . Choo walked . Santana popped out to third . Andrus doubled to deep right , Choo to third . Gallo grounded out to first , Choo scored , Andrus to third . Pence homered to center ( 456 feet ) , Andrus scored . Forsythe homered to left ( 407 feet ) . Wisdom flied out to left . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Miller pitching for Rangers . Gurriel flied out to right . Reddick reached on infield single to first . Díaz grounded into double play , third to second to first , Reddick out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . McHugh pitching for Astros . Mathis reached on infield single to shortstop . DeShields reached on infield single to pitcher , Mathis to second . Choo flied out to left . Santana reached first base on catcher 's interference , Santana safe at first on interference by catcher Chirinos , DeShields to second , Mathis to third . Collin McHugh pitches to Danny Santana . Andrus doubled to center , Mathis scored and DeShields scored , Santana to third . Valdez pitching for Astros . Gallo hit sacrifice fly to center , Santana scored . Pence struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Miller pitching for Rangers . Chirinos struck out swinging . Kemp grounded out to second . Springer flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Valdez pitching for Astros . Forsythe struck out looking . Wisdom walked . Mathis grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Wisdom out at second . DeShields struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Miller pitching for Rangers . Bregman homered to center ( 440 feet ) . Brantley homered to center ( 433 feet ) . Correa popped out to second . Gurriel safe at first on error by right fielder Choo . Springs pitching for Rangers . Reddick reached on infield single to second , Gurriel to second . Díaz tripled to deep center , Gurriel scored and Reddick scored . Chirinos hit sacrifice fly to right , Díaz scored . Kemp struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Valdez pitching for Astros . Choo walked . Santana walked , Choo to second . Andrus grounded into double play , second to first , Santana out at second , Choo to third . Gallo reached on infield single to shortstop , Choo scored . Harris pitching for Astros . Pence lined out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Martin pitching for Rangers . Springer grounded out to second . Bregman flied out to center . Brantley lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Harris pitching for Astros . Forsythe flied out to center . Wisdom struck out swinging . Mathis reached on infield single to first . DeShields struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Martin pitching for Rangers . Correa homered to left ( 361 feet ) . Gurriel grounded out to shortstop . Reddick homered to right ( 370 feet ) . Martin pitching for Rangers . Díaz grounded out to shortstop . Chirinos singled to right center . Kemp flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Pressly pitching for Astros . Choo grounded out to pitcher . Santana grounded out to first . Andrus grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Leclerc pitching for Rangers . Springer homered to left center ( 427 feet ) . Bregman walked . Brantley lined out to right . Correa struck out swinging . Bregman to second on wild pitch by Leclerc . Gurriel walked . Marisnick ran for Gurriel . Reddick walked , Marisnick to second , Bregman to third . Altuve hit for Díaz . Altuve walked , Bregman scored , Reddick to second , Marisnick to third . Kelley pitching for Rangers . Chirinos struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 10 - Rangers 11 .	Gallo gets 1st sac fly , Rangers hold on to beat Astros 11 - 10