White Sox - Top 1st . Sampson pitching for Rangers . García reached on infield single to first . Moncada flied out to center . Abreu grounded into double play , third to second to first , García out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Nova pitching for White Sox . Choo reached on infield single to shortstop . Santana flied out to right . Andrus reached on infield single to shortstop , Choo to second . Mazara flied out to left . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Sampson pitching for Rangers . McCann singled to left . Jiménez walked , McCann to second . Alonso grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Jiménez out at second , McCann to third . Anderson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Nova pitching for White Sox . Odor doubled to third . DeShields sacrificed to pitcher , Odor to third . Guzmán hit sacrifice fly to left , Odor scored . Federowicz homered to left ( 415 feet ) . Choo safe at first on error by first baseman Alonso . Santana homered to center ( 408 feet ) , Choo scored . Andrus flied out to left . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 3rd . Sampson pitching for Rangers . Sánchez popped out to shortstop . Cordell flied out to left . García grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Nova pitching for White Sox . Mazara doubled to deep center . Cabrera grounded out to second , Mazara to third . Odor struck out swinging . DeShields singled to right , Mazara scored . DeShields stole second . Guzmán struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Sampson pitching for Rangers . Moncada reached on infield single to pitcher . Abreu grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Moncada out at second . McCann struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Nova pitching for White Sox . Federowicz flied out to center . Choo struck out swinging . Santana walked . Santana caught stealing second , catcher to second . Ivan Nova pitches to Elvis Andrus . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Sampson pitching for Rangers . Jiménez singled to right . Alonso reached on infield single to shortstop , Jiménez to second . Anderson singled to right , Jiménez scored , Alonso to second . Sánchez struck out swinging . Cordell fouled out to first . García lined out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Nova pitching for White Sox . Andrus grounded out to third . Mazara struck out swinging . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Sampson pitching for Rangers . Moncada struck out swinging . Abreu grounded out to third . McCann singled to center . Jiménez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , McCann out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Nova pitching for White Sox . Odor fouled out to second . DeShields singled to right . Guzmán lined into double play , right to first , DeShields doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Sampson pitching for Rangers . Alonso struck out swinging . Anderson grounded out to third . Sánchez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Fulmer pitching for White Sox . Federowicz struck out looking . Choo struck out swinging . Santana flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Fairbanks pitching for Rangers . Cordell singled to shallow left . García walked , Cordell to second . Moncada flied out to center . Abreu reached on infield single to second , García to second , Cordell to third . McCann walked , Cordell scored , Abreu to second , García to third . Martin pitching for Rangers . Jiménez hit sacrifice fly , Abreu scored , García scored and Abreu scored , Jiménez to second , McCann to third . Tilson ran for Jiménez . Alonso struck out swinging . Kelley pitching for Rangers . Anderson struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Tilson in left field . Herrera pitching for White Sox . Andrus reached on infield single to first . Andrus stole second . Mazara doubled to deep center , Andrus scored . Cabrera struck out swinging . Odor grounded out to second , Mazara to third . DeShields singled to right , Mazara scored . Ruiz pitching for White Sox . Guzmán grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Kelley pitching for Rangers . Sánchez grounded out to second . Cordell struck out swinging . García singled to deep right . García to second on fielder 's indifference . Moncada lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 4 - Rangers 7 .	Federowicz , Santana hit early HRs , Rangers top White Sox 7 - 4