Mariners - Top 1st . Minor pitching for Rangers . Smith grounded out to second . Crawford walked . Santana grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Crawford out at second . Santana stole second . Narváez walked . Beckham singled to shallow center , Santana scored , Narváez to second . Vogelbach struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . LeBlanc pitching for Mariners . Choo grounded out to second . Santana singled to center . Andrus singled to center , Santana to second . Pence singled to left , Santana scored , Andrus to second . Calhoun flied out to right , Andrus to third . Odor doubled to left , Andrus scored , Pence to third . Forsythe struck out looking . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Minor pitching for Rangers . Nola homered to left ( 400 feet ) . Seager singled to center . Broxton singled to shallow right , Seager to second . Smith grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Broxton out at second , Seager to third . Crawford struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Court in left field . LeBlanc pitching for Mariners . DeShields lined out to third . Mathis struck out swinging . Choo homered to left center ( 397 feet ) . Santana singled to right . Andrus grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Santana out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Minor pitching for Rangers . Santana grounded out to shortstop . Narváez popped out to second . Court fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . LeBlanc pitching for Mariners . Pence fouled out to catcher . Calhoun flied out to center . Odor fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Minor pitching for Rangers . Vogelbach walked . Nola singled to left , Vogelbach to second . Seager hit by pitch , Nola to second , Vogelbach to third . Broxton struck out swinging . Smith reached on infield single to pitcher , Vogelbach scored , Seager to second , Nola to third . Crawford singled to right , Nola scored and Seager scored , Smith to second , Smith safe at third on throwing error by right fielder Choo . Santana struck out looking . Crawford stole second . Narváez flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 4th . LeBlanc pitching for Mariners . Forsythe lined out to right . DeShields lined out to center . Mathis doubled to left . Choo flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Minor pitching for Rangers . Court struck out swinging . Vogelbach lined out to right . Nola flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . LeBlanc pitching for Mariners . Santana singled to center . Andrus flied out to left . Pence doubled to deep left , Santana to third . Calhoun homered to right ( 354 feet ) , Santana scored and Pence scored . Odor walked . Gearrin pitching for Mariners . Forsythe singled to left , Odor to second . DeShields singled to right , Forsythe to second , Odor to third . Mathis struck out swinging . Choo struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Guerrieri pitching for Rangers . Seager singled to shallow right . Broxton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Seager out at second . Smith flied out to left . St. John pitching for Rangers . Crawford struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Magill pitching for Mariners . Santana struck out swinging . Andrus lined out to center . Pence struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Montero pitching for Rangers . Santana doubled to left . Narváez struck out swinging . Court popped out to second . Vogelbach grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Magill pitching for Mariners . Calhoun walked . Odor doubled to right , Calhoun to third . Forsythe singled to center , Calhoun scored and Odor scored . DeShields struck out swinging . Forsythe to second on wild pitch by Magill . Mathis singled to left , Forsythe scored on error by left fielder Court . Swanson pitching for Mariners . Choo struck out swinging . Santana grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 8th . Montero pitching for Rangers . Nola singled to right . Seager struck out swinging . Broxton homered to right ( 373 feet ) , Nola scored . Smith grounded out to shortstop . Crawford grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Swanson pitching for Mariners . Andrus lined out to left . Pence reached on infield single to shortstop . Calhoun flied out to right . Pence stole second . Odor intentionally walked . Forsythe struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Chavez pitching for Rangers . Santana struck out swinging . Narváez singled to right center . Murphy hit for Court . Murphy grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Narváez out at second . Murphy to second on fielder 's indifference . Vogelbach struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 7 - Rangers 9 .	Minor stays with Rangers and stops Mariners ' win streak , 9 - 7