Tigers - Top 1st . Payano pitching for Rangers . Castro struck out swinging . Goodrum grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera singled to right center . Cabrera picked off first . Pedro Payano pitches to Brandon Dixon . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Zimmermann pitching for Tigers . Choo doubled to deep right center . Santana singled to center , Santana to second , Choo to third . Andrus hit sacrifice fly to center , Choo scored on error by center fielder Castro , Santana safe at third on error by center fielder Castro . Mazara singled to center , Santana scored . Calhoun struck out swinging . Odor flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 2nd . Payano pitching for Rangers . Dixon singled to center . Candelario flied out to left . Dixon stole second . Demeritte grounded out to second , Dixon to third . Reyes flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Zimmermann pitching for Tigers . Forsythe singled to left . DeShields sacrificed to catcher , Forsythe to second . Mathis struck out swinging . Choo walked . Santana grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Payano pitching for Rangers . Hicks grounded out to third . Beckham grounded out to second . Castro singled to left center . Goodrum struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Zimmermann pitching for Tigers . Andrus struck out swinging . Mazara lined out to center . Calhoun lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Payano pitching for Rangers . Cabrera walked . Dixon walked , Cabrera to second . Candelario flied out to left . Demeritte grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cabrera scored on throwing error by second baseman Odor , Demeritte to second , Dixon out at second . Reyes grounded out to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Zimmermann pitching for Tigers . Odor grounded out to first . Forsythe struck out looking . DeShields struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Payano pitching for Rangers . Hicks singled to right . Beckham singled to left , Hicks to second . Castro sacrificed to third , Beckham to second , Hicks to third . Goodrum doubled to center , Beckham scored and Hicks scored . Cabrera walked . Clase pitching for Rangers . Dixon flied out to right , Goodrum to third . Candelario grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Zimmermann pitching for Tigers . Mathis flied out to center . Choo reached on infield single to first . Santana homered to right ( 401 feet ) , Choo scored . Andrus flied out to center . Mazara grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Clase pitching for Rangers . Demeritte grounded out to second . Reyes grounded out to shortstop . Hicks walked . Beckham struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Zimmermann pitching for Tigers . Calhoun flied out to center . Odor safe at second on error by second baseman Beckham . Forsythe struck out swinging . Odor stole third . DeShields struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 7th . Martin pitching for Rangers . Castro struck out swinging . Goodrum singled to right . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Goodrum scored on throwing error by third baseman Forsythe , Cabrera safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Forsythe . Dixon reached on infield single to third . Candelario grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Dixon out at second , Cabrera to third . Montero pitching for Rangers . Demeritte flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Cisnero pitching for Tigers . Mathis walked . Choo walked , Mathis to second . Santana grounded out to first , Choo to second , Mathis to third . Andrus grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Choo to third , Mathis out at home . Ramirez pitching for Tigers . Andrus stole second . Mazara walked . Calhoun tripled to right , Choo scored , Andrus scored and Mazara scored . Odor walked , Calhoun scored on Ramirez wild pitch . Jimenez pitching for Tigers . Forsythe flied out to center . 4 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Montero pitching for Rangers . Reyes doubled to deep center . Hicks popped out to second . Beckham struck out swinging . Castro grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Jimenez pitching for Tigers . DeShields walked . DeShields to second on pickoff error by pitcher Jimenez . Mathis struck out looking . Choo doubled to deep center , DeShields scored . Santana flied out to left . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 9th . Montero pitching for Rangers . Goodrum lined out to center . Cabrera singled to center . Jones ran for Cabrera . Dixon lined out to left . Jones to second on fielder 's indifference . Candelario grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 4 - Rangers 9 .	Calhoun 's 3 - run triple keys Rangers in 9 - 4 win over Tigers