Angels - Top 1st . Allard pitching for Rangers . Fletcher grounded out to third . Trout singled to center . Ohtani reached first base on catcher 's interference , Ohtani to first on error by catcher Trevino , Trout to second on error by Trevino . Upton doubled to deep left center , Trout scored , Ohtani to third . Calhoun singled to right , Ohtani scored , Upton to third . Pujols homered to left ( 416 feet ) , Upton scored and Calhoun scored . Rengifo fouled out to catcher . Tovar singled to right . Stassi struck out looking . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Peters pitching for Angels . Choo walked . Santana grounded out to catcher , Choo to second . Andrus lined out to first . Pence singled to right , Choo to third . Odor walked , Pence to second . Choo scored , Mazara safe at first on error by second baseman Rengifo , Odor to second , Pence to third . Heineman struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Angels - Top 2nd . Allard pitching for Rangers . Fletcher walked . Trout struck out swinging . Ohtani tripled to deep center , Fletcher scored . Upton singled to right , Ohtani scored . Upton to second on wild pitch by Allard . Calhoun fouled out to third . Pujols lined out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Peters pitching for Angels . DeShields singled to center . Trevino flied out to center . DeShields stole second . Choo fouled out to third . Santana grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Choo in right field . Calhoun in left field . Allard pitching for Rangers . Rengifo lined out to shortstop . Tovar popped out to first . Stassi grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Peters pitching for Angels . Andrus grounded out to second . Pence walked . Odor struck out swinging . Calhoun singled to left , Pence to second . Heineman lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Allard pitching for Rangers . Fletcher lined out to shortstop . Trout struck out swinging . Ohtani grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Peters pitching for Angels . DeShields struck out swinging . Trevino homered to left ( 391 feet ) . Choo grounded out to shortstop . Santana doubled to deep center . Andrus flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Kiner - Falefa at third base . Allard pitching for Rangers . Upton walked . Calhoun grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Upton out at second . Pujols grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Peters pitching for Angels . Pence singled to left . Odor walked , Pence to second . Calhoun safe at first on error by center fielder Trout , Odor safe at second on error by center fielder Trout , Pence safe at third on error by center fielder Trout . García pitching for Angels . Heineman doubled to left , Pence scored and Odor scored , Calhoun to third . DeShields walked . Trevino grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Calhoun scored , DeShields out at second , Heineman to third . Choo struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 6th . Valdez pitching for Rangers . Rengifo lined out to left . Tovar grounded out to third . Stassi struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Cole pitching for Angels . Kiner - Falefa struck out swinging . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . Pence walked . Odor hit by pitch , Pence to second . Odor to second on wild pitch by Cole , Pence to third on wild pitch by Cole . Calhoun struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Kelley pitching for Rangers . Fletcher flied out to right . Trout popped out to second . Ohtani reached on infield single to first . Ohtani stole second . Upton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Buttrey pitching for Angels . Heineman grounded out to third . DeShields grounded out to third . Trevino struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Gibaut pitching for Rangers . Calhoun struck out swinging . Pujols reached on infield single to second . Rengifo singled to right , Pujols to second . Tovar reached on infield single to shortstop , Rengifo to second , Pujols to third . Goodwin hit for Stassi . Goodwin struck out swinging . Fletcher grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Tovar out at second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Bemboom catching . Goodwin in left field . Bedrosian pitching for Angels . Choo walked . Kiner - Falefa grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Choo out at second . Andrus singled to right , Kiner - Falefa to second . Andrus to second on passed ball by Bemboom , Kiner - Falefa to third on passed ball by Bemboom . Pence singled to deep center , Kiner - Falefa scored , Andrus to third . Odor singled to right , Andrus scored , Pence to second . Calhoun struck out swinging . Heineman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Odor out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Leclerc pitching for Rangers . Trout popped out to second . Ohtani walked . Bemboom struck out swinging . Calhoun walked , Ohtani to second . Pujols walked , Calhoun to second , Ohtani to third . Rengifo popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Robles pitching for Angels . DeShields singled to shallow right center . Trevino sacrificed to pitcher , DeShields to second . Choo intentionally walked . Choo stole second , DeShields stole third . Kiner - Falefa struck out swinging . Andrus grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 10th . Thaiss hit for Tovar . Montero pitching for Rangers . Thaiss grounded out to third . Goodwin walked . Fletcher singled to right , Goodwin to third . Trout reached on infield single to catcher , Fletcher to second . Ohtani lined into double play , second to first , Trout doubled off first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 10th . Fletcher at shortstop . Thaiss at third base . Robles pitching for Angels . Pence grounded out to third . Mejía pitching for Angels . Odor struck out swinging . Calhoun fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 11th . Montero pitching for Rangers . Bemboom grounded out to first . Calhoun grounded out to first . Pujols walked . Pujols stole second . Rengifo lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 11th . Ramirez pitching for Angels . Heineman fouled out to third . DeShields struck out swinging . Trevino walked . Choo singled to right , Choo to second , Trevino to third . Kiner - Falefa reached on infield single to pitcher , Trevino scored , Choo to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 7 - Rangers 8 .	Angels back in Texas after Skaggs ' death , Rangers rally , 8 - 7