Rangers - Top 1st . Brooks pitching for Orioles . Choo hit by pitch . Andrus walked , Choo to second . Calhoun singled to right , Andrus to second , Choo to third . Solak grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Choo scored on throwing error by pitcher Brooks , Calhoun to second , Andrus to third . Santana singled to left , Andrus scored and Calhoun scored , Solak to second . Odor homered to right ( 387 feet ) , Solak scored and Santana scored . DeShields struck out looking . Guzmán struck out looking . Mathis struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Rangers . Villar reached on infield single to first . Mancini grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Villar safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Santana . Santander singled to right , Villar scored , Mancini to third . Smith Jr. walked , Santander to second . Alberto popped out to first . Mancini scored on Hernandez wild pitch , Smith Jr. to second on wild pitch by Hernandez , Santander to third on wild pitch by Hernandez . Williams hit sacrifice fly to center , Santander scored . Ruiz struck out looking . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 2nd . Brooks pitching for Orioles . Choo singled to center . Andrus grounded into double play , third to second to first , Choo out at second . Calhoun grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Rangers . Davis lined out to right . Sisco struck out swinging . Villar grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Brooks pitching for Orioles . Solak hit by pitch . Santana grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Solak out at second . Odor doubled to deep center . DeShields singled to center , Odor scored on throwing error by center fielder Williams , DeShields safe at second on throwing error by center fielder Williams . Shepherd pitching for Orioles . Guzmán popped out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Rangers . Mancini walked . Santander struck out swinging . Smith Jr. lined out to right . Alberto safe at first on throwing error by catcher Mathis , Mancini to second . Méndez pitching for Rangers . Williams struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 4th . Shepherd pitching for Orioles . Mathis grounded out to second . Choo grounded out to first . Andrus struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Mendez pitching for Rangers . Ruiz homered to right center ( 423 feet ) . Davis struck out swinging . Sisco struck out swinging . Villar grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Shepherd pitching for Orioles . Calhoun flied out to left . Solak flied out to left . Santana struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Mendez pitching for Rangers . Mancini struck out swinging . Santander struck out swinging . Smith Jr. struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Shepherd pitching for Orioles . Odor struck out swinging . DeShields singled to center . Guzmán singled to left center , DeShields scored on error by left fielder Smith Jr. , Guzmán safe at second on error by left fielder Smith Jr .. Mathis doubled to left , Guzmán scored . Choo lined out to left . Eades pitching for Orioles . Andrus grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Springs pitching for Rangers . Alberto fouled out to right . Hays hit for Williams . Hays struck out swinging . Ruiz doubled to deep center . Davis walked . Núñez hit for Sisco . Núñez walked , Davis to second , Ruiz to third . Villar flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Hays in center field . Wynns catching . Eades pitching for Orioles . Calhoun lined out to center . Solak lined out to center . Santana singled to deep right . Odor doubled to deep center , Santana to third . DeShields struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Sampson pitching for Rangers . Mancini struck out swinging . Santander grounded out to first . Smith Jr. singled to center . Alberto grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Smith Jr. out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Phillips pitching for Orioles . Guzmán lined out to center . Mathis struck out swinging . Choo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Heineman in right field . Kelley pitching for Rangers . Hays struck out swinging . Ruiz fouled out to third . Davis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Kline pitching for Orioles . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . Calhoun grounded out to third . Solak singled to deep right . Santana lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Volquez pitching for Rangers . Wynns lined out to second . Villar struck out swinging . Mancini reached on infield single to shortstop . Mancini to second on fielder 's indifference . Santander flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 9 - Orioles 4 .	Odor HR in 6 - run 1st inning , Rangers beat Orioles 9 - 4