Rays - Top 1st . Hammel pitching for Orioles . Jennings grounded out to third . Joyce singled to center . Zobrist doubled to left , Joyce to third . Longoria hit sacrifice fly to right , Joyce scored , Zobrist to third . Loney grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Hellickson pitching for Rays . McLouth singled to right . Machado doubled to deep left , McLouth to third . Markakis popped out to shortstop . Jones struck out swinging . Davis singled to right , McLouth and Machado scored . Wieters grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 2nd . Hammel pitching for Orioles . Scott singled to deep right . Johnson fouled out to catcher . Lobaton struck out swinging . Escobar singled to right , Scott to second . Jennings struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Hellickson pitching for Rays . Hardy homered to left ( 391 feet ) . Dickerson flied out to left . Navarro flied out to left . McLouth fouled out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 3rd . Hammel pitching for Orioles . Joyce flied out to right . Zobrist singled to right . Longoria singled to right , Zobrist to third . Loney hit sacrifice fly to left , Zobrist scored . Scott walked , Longoria to second . Johnson homered to right ( 380 feet ) , Longoria and Scott scored . Lobaton doubled to deep right . Escobar flied out to center . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Hellickson pitching for Rays . Machado struck out swinging . Markakis grounded out to third . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 4th . Hammel pitching for Orioles . Jennings struck out swinging . Joyce grounded out to second . Zobrist grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Hellickson pitching for Rays . Davis flied out to left . Wieters grounded out to first . Hardy walked . Dickerson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 5th . Hammel pitching for Orioles . Longoria struck out swinging . Loney singled to left . Scott walked , Loney to second . Johnson singled to deep right , Loney scored , Scott to third , Johnson out stretching at second . Burnett pitching for Orioles . Lobaton walked . Escobar hit ground rule double to deep center , Scott scored , Lobaton to third . Jennings singled to center , Lobaton and Escobar scored , Jennings to second on throwing error by center fielder Jones . Jennings to third on passed ball by Wieters . Joyce walked . Zobrist struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Hellickson pitching for Rays . Navarro tripled to deep right . McLouth struck out swinging . Machado grounded out to shortstop , Navarro scored . Markakis fouled out to catcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 6th . Burnett pitching for Orioles . Longoria hit ground rule double to right . Patton pitching for Orioles . Loney singled to center , Longoria to third . Scott hit sacrifice fly to center , Longoria scored . Johnson doubled to right , Loney to third . Lobaton struck out swinging . Escobar singled to center , Loney and Johnson scored . Jennings singled to shallow left center , Escobar to second . Joyce grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Hellickson pitching for Rays . Jones reached on infield single to shortstop . Davis fouled out to third . Wieters lined into double play , second to first , Jones doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 7th . Patton pitching for Orioles . Zobrist flied out to left . Longoria walked . Loney grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Longoria out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Hellickson pitching for Rays . Hardy flied out to center . Dickerson lined out to second . Navarro flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 8th . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Scott struck out looking . Johnson grounded out to second . Lobaton popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Hellickson pitching for Rays . McLouth tripled to deep center . Machado grounded out to shortstop , McLouth scored . Markakis singled to left . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Markakis out at second . Davis doubled to deep right , Jones to third . Wieters singled to center , Jones and Davis scored . Farnsworth pitching for Rays . Hardy singled to left , Wieters to second . Dickerson homered to right ( 386 feet ) , Wieters and Hardy scored . Navarro reached on infield single to third . Peralta pitching for Rays . McLouth flied out to left . 6 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 9th . Strop pitching for Orioles . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Jennings lined out to right . Joyce grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Fuld in left field . Peralta pitching for Rays . Machado popped out to second . Markakis popped out to third . Jones flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rays 12 - Orioles 10 .	Rays take big lead , hold off Orioles ' late rally