Orioles - Top 1st . Morrow pitching for Blue Jays . McLouth lined out to shortstop . Machado doubled to right . Markakis walked . Jones grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Markakis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Gausman pitching for Orioles . Cabrera singled to center . Bautista flied out to center . Encarnacion struck out looking . Lind struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Morrow pitching for Blue Jays . Davis struck out swinging . Wieters grounded out to first . Hardy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Gausman pitching for Orioles . Arencibia flied out to center . Lawrie grounded out to third . Rasmus singled to deep right . Bonifacio struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Morrow pitching for Blue Jays . Dickerson singled to left . Casilla popped out to center . McLouth singled to right , Dickerson to second . Dickerson stole third , McLouth stole second . Machado doubled to left , Dickerson and McLouth scored . Markakis struck out swinging . Jones struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Gausman pitching for Orioles . Kawasaki grounded out to second . Cabrera grounded out to second . Bautista walked . Encarnacion flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Morrow pitching for Blue Jays . Davis homered to right ( 390 feet ) . Wieters grounded out to second . Hardy struck out swinging . Dickerson grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Gausman pitching for Orioles . Lind doubled to deep right . Arencibia doubled to deep left , Lind scored . Lawrie reached on bunt single to first , Arencibia to third . Rasmus walked , Lawrie to second . Bonifacio hit sacrifice fly to center , Arencibia scored , Lawrie to third . Kawasaki bunt popped out to catcher . Cabrera flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Morrow pitching for Blue Jays . Casilla grounded out to first . McLouth grounded out to first . Machado hit ground rule double to deep left . Markakis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Gausman pitching for Orioles . Bautista struck out swinging . Encarnacion flied out to left . Lind singled to left . Arencibia homered to left ( 369 feet ) , Lind scored . Lawrie struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Morrow pitching for Blue Jays . Jones flied out to left . Davis flied out to right . Wieters flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Patton pitching for Orioles . Rasmus fouled out to left . Bonifacio grounded out to third . Kawasaki walked . Cabrera walked , Kawasaki to second . Strop pitching for Orioles . Bautista walked , Kawasaki to third , Cabrera to second . Encarnacion homered to left ( 348 feet ) , Kawasaki , Cabrera and Bautista scored . Lind safe at first on error by first baseman Davis . Arencibia flied out to center . 4 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 7th . Morrow pitching for Blue Jays . Hardy hit ground rule double to left . Dickerson lined out to right , Hardy to third . Casilla hit sacrifice fly to center , Hardy scored . McLouth reached on infield single to second . Machado grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Strop pitching for Orioles . Lawrie walked . McFarland pitching for Orioles . Rasmus struck out looking . Bonifacio grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lawrie out at second . Kawasaki grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Morrow pitching for Blue Jays . Markakis homered to right center ( 423 feet ) . Jones homered to left ( 402 feet ) . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Davis grounded out to second . Wieters struck out swinging . Hardy flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . McFarland pitching for Orioles . Gose singled to right . Bautista safe at first on error by shortstop Hardy , Gose to second . Gose to third , Bautista to second on passed ball by Wieters , Gose scored throw . Encarnacion walked . DeRosa hit for Lind . DeRosa walked , Bautista to third , Encarnacion to second . Arencibia grounded out to third , Bautista scored , Encarnacion to third , DeRosa to second . Lawrie singled to left , Encarnacion scored , DeRosa to third . Rasmus hit sacrifice fly to center , DeRosa scored . Bonifacio singled to center , Lawrie to third . Kawasaki grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 9th . Lincoln pitching for Blue Jays . Dickerson struck out looking . Casilla flied out to left . McLouth flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 6 - Blue Jays 12 .	Jays spoil debut of Gausman