Orioles - Top 1st . Wolf pitching for Rangers . McLouth singled to right center . McLouth stole second . Machado grounded out to shortstop . Markakis walked . Jones singled to left , McLouth scored , Markakis to second . Davis singled to left , Markakis scored , Jones to second . Wieters reached on infield single to shortstop , Jones to third , Davis to second . Hardy struck out swinging . Urrutia struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Kinsler lined out to left . Profar singled to left . Cruz lined out to left . Beltre flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Wolf pitching for Rangers . Roberts grounded out to first . McLouth tripled to deep right . Machado singled to right , McLouth scored . Markakis grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Machado out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Pierzynski singled to left center . Moreland struck out swinging . Andrus grounded into fielder 's choice to center , Pierzynski out at second . Murphy singled to left center , Andrus to second . Martin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Wolf pitching for Rangers . Jones homered to center ( 449 feet ) . Davis doubled to deep center . Wieters walked . Hardy singled to center , Davis to third , Wieters to second . Ortiz pitching for Rangers . Urrutia singled to right , Davis scored , Wieters to third , Hardy to second . Roberts singled to deep right , Wieters and Hardy scored , Urrutia to third , Roberts out stretching at second . McLouth flied out to left , Urrutia out at home . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Kinsler fouled out to first . Profar singled to right center . Cruz flied out to center . Beltre grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Profar out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Ortiz pitching for Rangers . Machado singled to left . Markakis struck out swinging . Jones grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Machado out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Pierzynski singled to center . Moreland grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Pierzynski out at second . Andrus singled to right . Murphy lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Ortiz pitching for Rangers . Davis flied out to center . Wieters singled to right . Hardy grounded into double play , third to second to first , Wieters out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Martin struck out swinging . Kinsler grounded out to shortstop . Profar popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Ortiz pitching for Rangers . Urrutia lined out to shortstop . Roberts singled to left . McLouth lined out to right . Burns pitching for Rangers . Machado safe at first on error by shortstop Andrus , Roberts to third . Markakis popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Cruz grounded out to shortstop . Beltre flied out to center . Pierzynski safe at first on error by second baseman Roberts . Moreland grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 7th . Burns pitching for Rangers . Jones grounded out to third . Davis lined out to right . Wieters singled to center . Hardy singled to right , Wieters to second . Urrutia grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . Murphy singled to right . Martin doubled to left , Murphy to third . Kinsler hit sacrifice fly to left , Murphy scored . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Profar fouled out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Ross pitching for Rangers . Roberts lined out to second . McLouth struck out swinging . Machado lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Cruz struck out swinging . Beltre singled to center . Pierzynski singled to center , Beltre to second . Moreland singled to left center , Beltre scored , Pierzynski to second . Andrus grounded out to first , Pierzynski to third , Moreland to second . Murphy singled to center , Pierzynski and Moreland scored . Martin flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Scheppers pitching for Rangers . Markakis singled to right . Jones struck out swinging . Davis struck out swinging . Wieters grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Markakis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Kinsler grounded out to third . Profar fouled out to catcher . Cruz singled to center . Beltre singled to right , Cruz to second . Pierzynski grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 7 - Rangers 4 .	Orioles hammer out 17 hits to drop Rangers