Dodgers - Top 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Pederson struck out swinging . Rollins grounded out to shortstop . Kendrick singled to right . González struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Blackmon struck out swinging . LeMahieu lined out to center . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Guerrero doubled to deep right . Heisey singled to left , Guerrero to third . Hernández grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Guerrero scored , Heisey out at second . Ellis grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hernández out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Arenado grounded out to second . Rosario grounded out to shortstop . Hundley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Kershaw grounded out to third . Pederson grounded out to second . Rollins bunt grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Stubbs struck out looking . Ynoa reached on infield single to shortstop . De La Rosa sacrificed to third , Ynoa to second . Blackmon popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Kendrick struck out swinging . González doubled to deep right center . Guerrero struck out swinging . Heisey walked . Hernández walked , González to third , Heisey to second . Ellis walked , González scored , Heisey to third , Hernández to second . Kershaw grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . LeMahieu walked . Tulowitzki singled to right , LeMahieu to second . Arenado flied out to center , LeMahieu to third . Rosario singled to left center , LeMahieu scored , Tulowitzki to second . Hundley singled to right , Tulowitzki scored , Rosario to third . Stubbs reached on infield single to catcher , Hundley to second . Ynoa grounded out to first , Rosario scored , Hundley to third , Stubbs to second . De La Rosa singled to center , Hundley and Stubbs scored . Blackmon grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Pederson walked . Rollins walked , Pederson to second . Kendrick walked , Pederson to third , Rollins to second . González doubled to deep right , Pederson , Rollins and Kendrick scored . Bergman pitching for Rockies . Guerrero struck out looking . Heisey walked . Hernández lined into double play , second to shortstop , González doubled off second . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . Tulowitzki lined out to shortstop . Arenado doubled to left . Rosario intentionally walked . Hundley grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Bergman pitching for Rockies . Ellis lined out to right . Kershaw grounded out to pitcher . Pederson walked . Rollins walked , Pederson to second . Kendrick grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pederson out at third , Rollins to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Stubbs struck out looking . Ynoa reached on infield single to third . McKenry hit for Bergman . McKenry walked , Ynoa to second . Blackmon lined out to right . LeMahieu walked , Ynoa to third , McKenry to second . Báez pitching for Dodgers . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Blackmon in left field . González in right field . Friedrich pitching for Rockies . González struck out swinging . Oberg pitching for Rockies . Guerrero struck out swinging . Heisey struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Baez pitching for Dodgers . Arenado grounded out to third . Rosario singled to center . Hundley grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rosario out at second . Hundley caught stealing second , pitcher to second . Stubbs batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Oberg pitching for Rockies . Hernández singled to left . Ellis sacrificed to catcher , Hernández to second . Turner hit for Báez . Hernández to third on passed ball by Hundley . Turner homered to right ( 425 feet ) , Hernández scored . Logan pitching for Rockies . Pederson walked . Rollins singled to right center , Pederson to third . Kendrick singled to right , Pederson scored , Rollins to third . González hit sacrifice fly to shortstop , Rollins scored , Kendrick to second on throwing error by shortstop Tulowitzki . Guerrero flied out to center . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Liberatore pitching for Dodgers . Turner at third base . Stubbs struck out swinging . González grounded out to shortstop . Descalso hit for Logan . Descalso grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Roberts pitching for Rockies . Heisey popped out to second . Hernández struck out swinging . Ellis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Liberatore pitching for Dodgers . Blackmon grounded out to second . García pitching for Dodgers . LeMahieu struck out swinging . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 9 - Rockies 5 .	Snow cleared , Dodgers beat Rockies for 9th straight time