Giants - Top 1st . Anderson pitching for Dodgers . Pagán singled to left . Panik grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Pagán out at second . Duffy reached on infield single to pitcher , Duffy out stretching at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Puig flied out to right . Pederson struck out swinging . Turner walked . Gonzalez singled to center , Turner to third . Turner scored , Gonzalez to second on wild pitch by Lincecum . Kendrick singled to shallow left center , Gonzalez to third . Guerrero struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Anderson pitching for Dodgers . Posey grounded out to second . Crawford struck out swinging . Maxwell grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Grandal reached on bunt single to pitcher . Rollins singled to shallow left , Grandal to second . Anderson sacrificed to pitcher , Grandal to third , Rollins to second . Puig singled to center , Grandal and Rollins scored . Pederson doubled to deep right center , Puig scored , Pederson to third advancing on throw . Turner singled to shallow left center , Pederson scored , Turner to second on error by left fielder Belt . Petit pitching for Giants . Gonzalez singled to shallow left , Turner to third . Kendrick popped out to second . Guerrero lined out to left . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Top 3rd . Anderson pitching for Dodgers . Belt walked . Susac singled to center , Belt to second . Petit bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Susac out at second , Belt to third . Pagán singled to shallow left , Belt scored , Petit to second . Panik walked , Petit to third , Pagán to second . Duffy grounded into double play , third to second to first , Panik out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Petit pitching for Giants . Grandal homered to right ( 412 feet ) . Rollins singled to shallow right . Anderson sacrificed to pitcher , Rollins to second . Puig popped out to shortstop . Pederson walked . Turner lined out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Anderson pitching for Dodgers . Posey flied out to center . Crawford grounded out to second . Maxwell doubled to deep right center , Maxwell out stretching at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Petit pitching for Giants . Gonzalez homered to right ( 402 feet ) . Kendrick flied out to right . Guerrero lined out to left . Grandal homered to right ( 375 feet ) . Rollins doubled to deep right . Anderson struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Anderson pitching for Dodgers . Belt grounded out to first . Susac grounded out to shortstop . Petit lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Petit pitching for Giants . Puig singled to center . Pederson flied out to right . Turner homered to center ( 424 feet ) , Puig scored . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Kendrick flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Anderson pitching for Dodgers . Pagán grounded out to pitcher . Panik grounded out to third . Duffy grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Blanco in center field . McGehee at first base . Broadway pitching for Giants . Guerrero lined out to center . Grandal grounded out to second . Rollins flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Coulombe pitching for Dodgers . McGehee grounded out to catcher . Crawford walked . Maxwell struck out swinging . Belt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Allen Broadway pitching for Giants . Coulombe struck out looking . Puig walked . Pederson fouled out to third . Callaspo hit for Turner . Callaspo grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Callaspo at third base . Van Slyke at first base . Coulombe pitching for Dodgers . Susac doubled to left . Blanco flied out to left . Arias hit for Broadway . Arias doubled to deep right , Susac scored . Panik grounded out to first , Arias to third . Duffy grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Arias at third base . López pitching for Giants . Van Slyke struck out looking . Hernández hit for Kendrick . Hernández doubled to deep right . Guerrero grounded out to second , Hernández to third . Grandal grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Hernández at second base . West pitching for Dodgers . McGehee doubled to right . Crawford flied out to center . Maxwell struck out swinging . Belt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 2 - Dodgers 10 .	Dodgers chase Lincecum in shortest career start