Dodgers - Top 1st . Nicolino pitching for Marlins . Pederson struck out looking . Kendrick singled to center . Turner grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kendrick out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Anderson pitching for Dodgers . Gordon reached on infield single to first . Gordon stole second . Yelich grounded out to second , Gordon to third . Hechavarría grounded out to shortstop , Gordon scored . Stanton grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Nicolino pitching for Marlins . Gonzalez singled to right . Van Slyke homered to left ( 363 feet ) , Gonzalez scored . Guerrero grounded out to second . Rollins lined out to left . Ellis flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Anderson pitching for Dodgers . Ozuna grounded out to shortstop . Baker grounded out to third . Dietrich struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Nicolino pitching for Marlins . Anderson struck out swinging . Pederson flied out to left . Kendrick lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Anderson pitching for Dodgers . Realmuto reached on infield single to third . Nicolino struck out swinging . Realmuto caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Gordon singled to center . Gordon caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Yelich batting . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Nicolino pitching for Marlins . Turner walked . Gonzalez flied out to center . Van Slyke hit by pitch , Turner to second . Guerrero singled to center , Turner to third , Van Slyke to second . Rollins singled to right , Turner and Van Slyke scored , Guerrero to second . Ellis grounded out to shortstop , Guerrero to third , Rollins to second . Anderson singled to center , Guerrero scored , Rollins thrown out at home . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Anderson pitching for Dodgers . Yelich walked . Hechavarría singled to center , Yelich to second . Stanton struck out swinging . Ozuna grounded out to pitcher , Yelich to third , Hechavarría to second . Baker grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Cosart pitching for Marlins . Pederson walked . Kendrick singled to center , Pederson to second . Pederson to third , Kendrick to second on wild pitch by Cosart . Turner grounded out to pitcher . Gonzalez intentionally walked . Van Slyke struck out swinging . Guerrero singled to right , Pederson scored , Kendrick to third , Gonzalez to second . Rollins grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Anderson pitching for Dodgers . Dietrich struck out swinging . Realmuto grounded out to third . Cosart struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Cosart pitching for Marlins . Ellis walked . Anderson struck out bunting foul . Pederson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ellis out at second . Kendrick reached on infield single to shortstop , Pederson to second . Turner grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Anderson pitching for Dodgers . Gordon reached on infield single to shortstop . Yelich struck out looking . Hechavarría flied out to center . Stanton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Cosart pitching for Marlins . Gonzalez singled to left . Van Slyke struck out swinging . Guerrero grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gonzalez out at second . Rollins flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Anderson pitching for Dodgers . Ozuna struck out swinging . Baker struck out swinging . Dietrich struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Cosart pitching for Marlins . Ellis grounded out to shortstop . Puig hit for Anderson . Puig grounded out to third . Pederson doubled to deep center . Pederson to third on wild pitch by Cosart . Kendrick singled to right , Pederson scored . Turner grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Van Slyke in left field . Liberatore pitching for Dodgers . Puig in right field . Realmuto singled to left . Suzuki hit for Cosart . Suzuki struck out swinging . Gordon struck out swinging . Yelich struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Dyson pitching for Marlins . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Van Slyke grounded out to third . Callaspo hit for Liberatore . Callaspo singled to shallow left . Rollins flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Báez pitching for Dodgers . Hechavarría struck out swinging . Stanton struck out swinging . Ozuna struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 7 - Marlins 1 .	Brett Anderson pitches Dodgers past slumping Marlins 7 - 1