Dodgers - Top 1st . Webster pitching for Diamondbacks . Pederson walked . Kendrick walked , Pederson to second . Turner hit by pitch , Pederson to third , Kendrick to second . Gonzalez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Pederson scored , Turner out at second , Kendrick to third . Puig lined out to center . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Bolsinger pitching for Dodgers . Pollock lined out to right . Peralta reached on bunt single to shortstop . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Peralta caught stealing second , catcher to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Webster pitching for Diamondbacks . Ethier grounded out to second . Grandal walked . Rollins struck out swinging . Bolsinger grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Bolsinger pitching for Dodgers . Tomás struck out swinging . Lamb struck out swinging . Castillo singled to center . Owings grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Webster pitching for Diamondbacks . Pederson struck out swinging . Kendrick grounded out to third . Turner singled to center . Gonzalez safe at first on error by shortstop Ahmed , Turner to third . Puig grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Turner out at home , Gonzalez to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Bolsinger pitching for Dodgers . Ahmed reached on infield single to shortstop . Ahmed stole second . Webster struck out bunting foul . Pollock grounded out to third . Peralta grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Webster pitching for Diamondbacks . Ethier homered to right ( 380 feet ) . Grandal homered to left ( 376 feet ) . Rollins lined out to center . Bolsinger struck out swinging . Pederson homered to right ( 461 feet ) . Kendrick walked . Turner singled to left , Kendrick to third . Pérez pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez fouled out to catcher . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Bolsinger pitching for Dodgers . Goldschmidt popped out to shortstop . Tomás grounded out to third . Lamb grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Perez pitching for Diamondbacks . Puig walked . Ethier struck out swinging . Grandal singled to center , Puig to second . Rollins flied out to right , Puig to third . Guerrero hit for Bolsinger . Guerrero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Peralta pitching for Dodgers . Castillo flied out to center . Owings singled to left center . Ahmed homered to left center ( 385 feet ) , Owings scored . Dorn hit for Pérez . Dorn grounded out to first . Pollock lined out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Pederson grounded out to first . Kendrick grounded out to second . Turner struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . García pitching for Dodgers . Peralta struck out looking . Goldschmidt singled to right . Tomás homered to left ( 374 feet ) , Goldschmidt scored . Lamb flied out to left . Castillo grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez walked . Puig struck out swinging . Ethier doubled to right , Gonzalez to third . Grandal intentionally walked . Rollins singled to right , Gonzalez and Ethier scored , Grandal to second , Grandal thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . Callaspo hit for García . Callaspo grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Nicasio pitching for Dodgers . Owings struck out swinging . Ahmed grounded out to shortstop . Pennington hit for Chafin . Pennington singled to center . Pollock singled to left , Pennington to second . Liberatore pitching for Dodgers . Pennington stole third . Pollock stole second . Peralta tripled to deep center , Pennington and Pollock scored . Goldschmidt intentionally walked . Báez pitching for Dodgers . Goldschmidt stole second . Tomás struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Burgos pitching for Diamondbacks . Pederson popped out to shortstop . Kendrick singled to left . Turner lined out to right . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Baez pitching for Dodgers . Lamb walked . Castillo doubled to deep center , Lamb scored . Owings sacrificed to catcher , Castillo to third , Owings safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Báez . Castillo scored on throwing error by pitcher Báez . Ahmed sacrificed to third , Owings to third . Hill hit for Burgos . Hill walked . Pollock popped out to shortstop . Howell pitching for Dodgers . Peralta walked , Hill to second . Goldschmidt singled to left , Owings and Hill scored , Peralta to second . Peralta stole third . Goldschmidt stole second . Tomás walked . Lamb struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 9th . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Puig flied out to right . Ethier singled to center . Grandal lined out to left . Ethier to second on fielder 's indifference . Rollins grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 6 - Diamondbacks 10 .	Diamondbacks rally twice to beat Dodgers 10 - 6