Dodgers - Top 1st . Buchanan pitching for Phillies . Rollins popped out to third . Kendrick lined out to right . Gonzalez singled to right . Grandal walked , Gonzalez to second . Ethier doubled to shallow left , Gonzalez scored , Grandal to third . Crawford singled to right , Grandal and Ethier scored . Callaspo singled to shallow left , Crawford to second . Pederson grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Greinke pitching for Dodgers . Hernández safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Greinke . Herrera singled to shallow left center , Hernández to third . Franco walked , Herrera to second . Howard singled to center , Hernández and Herrera scored , Franco to third . Brown homered to right ( 397 feet ) , Franco and Howard scored . Galvis grounded out to second . Asche struck out looking . Ruiz struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Buchanan pitching for Phillies . Greinke singled to shallow center . Rollins flied out to center . Kendrick singled to right , Greinke to second . Gonzalez homered to right ( 385 feet ) , Greinke and Kendrick scored . Grandal doubled to deep right . Ethier reached on infield single to shortstop , Grandal to third . Crawford grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ethier out at second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Greinke pitching for Dodgers . Buchanan lined out to left . Hernández lined out to first . Herrera grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Buchanan pitching for Phillies . Callaspo struck out looking . Pederson grounded out to first . Greinke homered to left center ( 396 feet ) . Rollins struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Greinke pitching for Dodgers . Franco singled to shallow center . Franco to second on wild pitch by Greinke . Howard grounded out to second , Franco to third . Brown singled to shallow left , Franco scored . Galvis struck out swinging . Asche struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Buchanan pitching for Phillies . Kendrick flied out to right . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Grandal lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Greinke pitching for Dodgers . Ruiz flied out to center . Danks hit for Buchanan . Danks struck out swinging . Hernández grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . De Fratus pitching for Phillies . Ethier struck out looking . Crawford lined out to right . Callaspo walked . Pederson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Greinke pitching for Dodgers . Herrera flied out to center . Franco walked . Howard struck out swinging . Brown grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . De Fratus pitching for Phillies . Greinke reached on infield single to third . Rollins doubled to deep right , Greinke to third . Kendrick doubled to deep left , Greinke and Rollins scored . Gonzalez lined out to left , Kendrick to third . Grandal hit sacrifice fly to right , Kendrick scored . Ethier grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Greinke pitching for Dodgers . Galvis struck out swinging . Asche doubled to deep right . Ruiz grounded out to shortstop , Asche to third . Ruf hit for De Fratus . Ruf struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Hinojosa pitching for Phillies . Crawford struck out swinging . Callaspo singled to right . Pederson singled to right , Callaspo to second . Puig hit for Greinke . Puig struck out swinging . Rollins grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Ethier in left field . Howell pitching for Dodgers . Puig in right field . Hernández struck out swinging . Herrera singled to shallow left . Franco flied out to right . Howard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Hinojosa pitching for Phillies . Kendrick struck out swinging . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Grandal struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Howell pitching for Dodgers . Brown grounded out to shortstop . Nicasio pitching for Dodgers . Galvis fouled out to left . Asche singled to right . Ruiz flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Hinojosa pitching for Phillies . Ethier fouled out to left . Van Slyke hit for Nicasio . Van Slyke fouled out to third . Callaspo struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 9th . Peralta pitching for Dodgers . Blanco hit for Hinojosa . Blanco fouled out to third . Hernández singled to shallow center . Herrera reached on infield single to first , Hernández to second . Jansen pitching for Dodgers . Franco doubled to deep center , Hernández and Herrera scored . Howard singled to shallow left , Franco to third . Brown lined into double play , to first , Howard doubled off first . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 10 - Phillies 8 .	Greinke 's bat helps Dodgers beat Phillies