Dodgers - Top 1st . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Ruggiano doubled to deep right . Peraza sacrificed to third , Ruggiano to third . Turner singled to right , Ruggiano scored . Gonzalez singled to right , Turner to second . Van Slyke grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gonzalez out at second , Turner to third . Seager grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Greinke pitching for Dodgers . Pollock grounded out to second . Inciarte grounded out to third . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Ellis flied out to right . Pederson singled to center . Greinke lined out to right . Pederson to second on wild pitch by Corbin . Ruggiano struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Greinke pitching for Dodgers . Peralta struck out looking . Saltalamacchia walked . Lamb grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Saltalamacchia out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Peraza bunt grounded out to pitcher . Turner singled to right . Turner stole second . Gonzalez singled to center , Turner to third . Van Slyke grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Turner scored , Gonzalez out at second . Seager grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Greinke pitching for Dodgers . Owings struck out swinging . Ahmed grounded out to shortstop . Corbin lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Ellis flied out to center . Pederson struck out swinging . Greinke singled to shallow center . Ruggiano singled to left , Greinke to second . Peraza flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Greinke pitching for Dodgers . Pollock grounded out to third . Inciarte grounded out to second . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Turner struck out swinging . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Van Slyke fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Torreyes at second base . Greinke pitching for Dodgers . Peralta lined out to shortstop . Saltalamacchia doubled to deep center . Lamb struck out swinging . Owings struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Seager grounded out to first . Ellis flied out to right . Pederson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Greinke pitching for Dodgers . Ahmed reached on infield single to shortstop . Brito hit for Corbin . Brito grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ahmed out at second . Pollock singled to right , Brito to second . Inciarte grounded out to second , Brito to third , Pollock to second . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Greinke struck out swinging . Schebler hit for Ruggiano . Schebler grounded out to first . Torreyes doubled to left . Torreyes to third on wild pitch by Delgado . Turner walked . Hessler pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez singled to left , Torreyes scored , Turner to second . Turner to third , Gonzalez to second on wild pitch by Hessler . Van Slyke intentionally walked . Seager flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Schebler in left field . Greinke pitching for Dodgers . Peralta grounded out to second . Saltalamacchia grounded out to second . Lamb grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Hessler pitching for Diamondbacks . Ellis homered to right center ( 410 feet ) . Pederson struck out swinging . Greinke struck out swinging . Schebler grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Greinke pitching for Dodgers . Owings walked . Ahmed grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Owings out at second . O'Brien hit for Hessler . O'Brien struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Bracho pitching for Diamondbacks . Torreyes popped out to first . Turner struck out swinging . Gonzalez walked . Van Slyke singled to center , Gonzalez to second . Seager walked , Gonzalez to third , Van Slyke to second . Ellis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Jansen pitching for Dodgers . Pollock struck out swinging . Inciarte struck out swinging . Goldschmidt walked . Peralta singled to right , Goldschmidt to second . Saltalamacchia homered to right ( 434 feet ) , Goldschmidt and Peralta scored . Lamb struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 4 - Diamondbacks 3 .	Greinke tosses gem in Dodgers 4 - 3 win over Diamondbacks