Nationals - Top 1st . Williams pitching for Phillies . Taylor homered to left ( 403 feet ) . Escobar grounded out to catcher . Harper singled to center . Zimmerman flied out to right . Ramos singled to center , Harper to third . Desmond flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Revere singled to right . Revere caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Galvis walked . Utley grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Galvis out at second . Ruf walked , Utley to second . Francoeur grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ruf out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Williams pitching for Phillies . Uggla struck out swinging . Moore popped out to shortstop . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Sizemore lined out to left . Rupp grounded out to third . Blanco grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Williams pitching for Phillies . Taylor lined out to left . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Harper struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Williams struck out swinging . Revere struck out swinging . Galvis doubled to right . Utley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Williams pitching for Phillies . Zimmerman walked . Ramos struck out swinging . Desmond singled to center , Zimmerman to third , Desmond out stretching at second . Uggla struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Ruf grounded out to shortstop . Francoeur singled to left . Sizemore lined out to left . Rupp grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Francoeur out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Williams pitching for Phillies . Moore grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez struck out looking . Taylor lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Blanco doubled to deep right center . Williams struck out looking . Revere lined into double play , second to shortstop , Blanco doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Williams pitching for Phillies . Escobar flied out to center . Harper struck out swinging . Zimmerman singled to center . Ramos grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Zimmerman out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Galvis singled to center . Utley grounded into double play , second to first to shortstop to second to third , Galvis out at second . Ruf grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . García pitching for Phillies . Desmond struck out swinging . Uggla grounded out to second . Moore grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Francoeur flied out to left . Sizemore walked . Rupp walked , Sizemore to second . Herrera ran for Sizemore . Blanco hit by pitch , Herrera to third , Rupp to second . Cedeño pitching for Nationals . Hernández hit for García . Hernández singled to right , Herrera and Rupp scored , Blanco to second . Revere hit by pitch , Blanco to third , Hernández to second . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Galvis singled to right , Blanco scored , Hernández to third , Revere to second . Utley hit sacrifice fly to center , Hernández scored . Ruf grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Galvis out at second . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Revere in left field . Giles pitching for Phillies . Herrera in center field . Hernández at second base . den Dekker hit for Stammen . den Dekker popped out to shortstop . Taylor struck out swinging . Escobar doubled to center . Harper struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Treinen pitching for Nationals . Francoeur struck out looking . Herrera grounded out to second . Rupp grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Papelbon pitching for Phillies . Zimmerman grounded out to second . Ramos flied out to right . Desmond grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 1 - Phillies 4 .	Hernandez has go - ahead hit for Phillies in win over Nats