Marlins - Top 1st . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Gordon lined out to left . Prado singled to right . Stanton popped out to third . Ozuna struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Span flied out to left . Desmond safe at first on error by third baseman Prado . Escobar grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Desmond out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 2nd . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Bour singled to center . Realmuto doubled to deep left , Bour to third . Suzuki singled to left center , Bour scored , Realmuto to third . Hechavarría singled to left , Realmuto scored , Suzuki to second . Koehler bunted into double play , first to shortstop to second , Hechavarría out at second , Suzuki to third . Gordon struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Harper homered to left ( 404 feet ) . Zimmerman lined out to first . Ramos doubled to deep center . Espinosa struck out swinging . Taylor intentionally walked . Scherzer popped out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Prado popped out to second . Stanton struck out swinging . Ozuna struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Span doubled to deep left . Desmond doubled to center , Span to third . Escobar hit sacrifice fly to left , Span scored . Harper homered to right ( 431 feet ) , Desmond scored . Zimmerman singled to center . Ramos struck out swinging . Espinosa struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Bour struck out looking . Realmuto struck out swinging . Suzuki grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Taylor lined out to center . Scherzer struck out swinging . Span popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Hechavarría flied out to right . Koehler struck out swinging . Gordon singled to left center . Prado singled to right , Gordon to third . Stanton popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Desmond grounded out to shortstop . Escobar struck out swinging . Harper homered to right ( 441 feet ) . Zimmerman flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Ozuna flied out to center . Bour grounded out to second . Realmuto struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Ramos lined out to shortstop . Espinosa grounded out to second . Taylor grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Suzuki grounded out to pitcher . Hechavarría struck out swinging . Brignac hit for Koehler . Brignac struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Dyson pitching for Marlins . Scherzer struck out swinging . Span singled to right . Desmond singled to right , Span to second . Escobar singled to right , Span scored , Desmond to third . Harper grounded out to second , Desmond scored , Escobar to second . Escobar to third on wild pitch by Dyson . Zimmerman grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Gordon singled to right . Prado singled to right , Gordon to second . Stanton homered to left ( 427 feet ) , Gordon and Prado scored . Roark pitching for Nationals . Ozuna grounded out to third . Bour singled to center . Realmuto singled to center , Bour to second . Suzuki struck out swinging . Hechavarría grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bour out at third , Realmuto to second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Morris pitching for Marlins . Ramos singled to center . Espinosa grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ramos out at second . Taylor reached on infield single to third . Robinson hit for Roark . Robinson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Storen pitching for Nationals . Solano hit for Morris . Solano hit by pitch . Gordon singled to left , Solano to second . Prado flied out to right . Stanton struck out swinging . Ozuna struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 5 - Nationals 7 .	Harper 's 3 HRs , 5 RBIs lift Nationals over Marlins 7 - 5