Dodgers - Top 1st . Fister pitching for Nationals . Pederson walked . Kendrick lined out to right . Turner flied out to left . Pederson caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Gonzalez batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Taylor bunt grounded out to catcher . Espinosa struck out swinging . Harper struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Fister pitching for Nationals . Gonzalez singled to right . Ethier singled to center , Gonzalez to third . Puig reached on infield single to shortstop , Gonzalez scored , Ethier to second . Ellis grounded into double play , third to second to first , Puig out at second , Ethier to third . Rollins struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Escobar struck out swinging . Robinson reached on infield single to second . Desmond struck out swinging . Lobatón grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Robinson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Fister pitching for Nationals . Kershaw grounded out to third . Pederson flied out to right . Kendrick reached on infield single to first . Turner singled to center , Kendrick to second . Gonzalez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Moore flied out to center . Fister reached on infield single to second . Taylor struck out swinging . Espinosa struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Fister pitching for Nationals . Ethier flied out to center . Puig grounded out to shortstop . Ellis reached on infield single to shortstop . Rollins flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Harper struck out swinging . Escobar flied out to right . Robinson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Fister pitching for Nationals . Kershaw grounded out to first . Pederson hit by pitch . Kendrick singled to shallow center , Pederson to second . Turner singled to left , Pederson scored , Kendrick to second , Kendrick to third on error by left fielder Robinson . Turner to second advancing on throw . Gonzalez intentionally walked . Ethier hit sacrifice fly to right , Kendrick scored . Puig singled to left , Turner scored , Gonzalez to second . Ellis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Puig out at second , Gonzalez to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Desmond struck out swinging . Lobatón grounded out to shortstop . Moore struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Jordan pitching for Nationals . den Dekker in left field . Robinson at first base . Rollins flied out to center . Kershaw grounded out to second . Pederson singled to right . Kendrick grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pederson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . den Dekker bunt grounded out to pitcher . Taylor struck out swinging . Espinosa reached on infield single to third , Espinosa to second on throwing error by third baseman Turner . Harper struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 7th . Jordan pitching for Nationals . Turner struck out swinging . Gonzalez doubled to deep center . Ethier lined out to left . Puig walked . Ellis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Escobar struck out swinging . Robinson struck out swinging . Desmond lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Jordan pitching for Nationals . Rollins walked . Kershaw grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Rollins out at second . Pederson flied out to left . Kendrick struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Lobatón grounded out to pitcher . Uggla grounded out to third . den Dekker grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Solís pitching for Nationals . Turner singled to shallow left . Gonzalez reached on infield single to second , Turner to second . Burriss at second base . Ethier grounded into force out , second to shortstop Gonzalez out at second , Turner to third . Puig struck out swinging . Ellis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Jansen pitching for Dodgers . Taylor struck out swinging . Burriss singled to center . Burriss to second on fielder 's indifference . Harper homered to right ( 438 feet ) , Burriss scored . Escobar struck out swinging . Robinson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 4 - Nationals 2 .	Kershaw fans 14 , Dodgers split the day with Nationals