Nationals - Top 1st . Fernandez pitching for Marlins . Rendon flied out to center . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Werth struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Gordon singled to left . Gordon caught stealing second , pitcher to second . Prado singled to center . Yelich grounded out to pitcher , Prado to second . McGehee grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Fernandez pitching for Marlins . Harper walked . Zimmerman doubled to left , Harper to third . Desmond struck out swinging . Ramos hit sacrifice fly to right , Harper scored . Taylor flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Dietrich popped out to shortstop . Realmuto grounded out to shortstop . Suzuki flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Fernandez pitching for Marlins . Zimmermann lined out to center . Rendon flied out to center . Escobar walked . Werth grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Hechavarría lined out to right . Fernández grounded out to second . Gordon grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Fernandez pitching for Marlins . Harper struck out looking . Zimmerman walked . Desmond struck out swinging . Ramos lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Prado singled to center . Yelich lined out to left . McGehee grounded into double play , pitcher to second to shortstop to first , Prado out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Fernandez pitching for Marlins . Taylor singled to left . Zimmermann bunt popped out to pitcher . Rendon singled to left , Taylor to second . Escobar walked , Taylor to third , Rendon to second . Werth grounded into double play , third to second to first , Escobar out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Dietrich struck out swinging . Realmuto singled to center . Suzuki singled to center , Realmuto to third . Hechavarría hit sacrifice fly to right , Realmuto scored . Fernández struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Fernandez pitching for Marlins . Harper singled to left . Zimmerman popped out to third . Desmond struck out swinging . Ramos grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Harper out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Gordon tripled to deep center . Prado singled to left , Gordon scored . Yelich singled to right , Prado to third , Yelich to second advancing on throw . McGehee grounded out to second . Dietrich intentionally walked . Realmuto grounded out to third , Prado scored , Yelich to third , Dietrich to second . Suzuki intentionally walked . Hechavarría grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Yelich in left field . Morris pitching for Marlins . Gillespie in center field . Taylor lined out to right . Moore hit for Zimmermann . Moore flied out to left . Rendon walked . Escobar grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Solis pitching for Nationals . Gillespie singled to center . Gordon sacrificed to pitcher , Gillespie to second . Prado intentionally walked . Yelich singled to left , Gillespie scored , Prado to second . Barrett pitching for Nationals . McGehee grounded out to pitcher , Prado to third , Yelich to second . Bour hit for Morris . Bour walked . Realmuto flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Capps pitching for Marlins . Werth singled to left . Harper grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Werth out at second . Zimmerman singled to center . Desmond struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Rivero pitching for Nationals . Suzuki grounded out to pitcher . Hechavarría singled to right . Gillespie struck out swinging . Hechavarría caught stealing second . Gordon batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Ramos pitching for Marlins . Ramos grounded out to third . Taylor walked . Robinson hit for Rivero . Robinson doubled to left , Taylor to third . Rendon walked . Escobar grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rendon out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 1 - Marlins 4 .	Fernandez remains perfect in Miami , Marlins top Nats 4 - 1