Rockies - Top 1st . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Blackmon fouled out to third . Reyes grounded out to second . González homered to right ( 394 feet ) . Arenado singled to center . Paulsen struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Flande pitching for Rockies . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Rendon grounded out to third . Harper grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . McKenry grounded out to third . Descalso struck out swinging . Parker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Flande pitching for Rockies . Zimmerman homered to center ( 418 feet ) . Werth homered to right center ( 404 feet ) . Desmond safe at second on error by third baseman Arenado . Ramos grounded out to third . Taylor struck out swinging . Scherzer reached on infield single to pitcher , Desmond to third . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Scherzer out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 3rd . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Flande reached on bunt single to third . Blackmon reached on bunt single to third , Flande to second . Reyes sacrificed to third , Flande to third , Blackmon to second . González struck out swinging . Arenado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Flande pitching for Rockies . Rendon grounded out to third . Harper lined out to second . Zimmerman homered to center ( 426 feet ) . Werth singled to center . Desmond grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Paulsen flied out to left . McKenry flied out to center . Descalso homered to center ( 402 feet ) . Parker struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Flande pitching for Rockies . Ramos grounded out to third . Taylor grounded out to third . Scherzer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Flande bunt popped out to first . Blackmon popped out to second . Reyes struck out swinging , Reyes safe at first on wild pitch by Scherzer . Reyes caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . González batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Flande pitching for Rockies . Escobar grounded out to pitcher . Rendon grounded out to shortstop . Harper singled to left center . Oberg pitching for Rockies . Zimmerman grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . González homered to right center ( 436 feet ) . Arenado struck out swinging . Paulsen doubled to deep center . McKenry struck out swinging . Descalso intentionally walked . Parker singled to left , Paulsen scored , Descalso to third . Barnes hit for Oberg . Barnes struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Betancourt pitching for Rockies . Werth walked . Desmond struck out swinging . Ramos singled to deep right center , Werth to third . Taylor grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Werth scored , Ramos to second . Robinson hit for Scherzer . Robinson struck out swinging . Escobar struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Rivero pitching for Nationals . Blackmon flied out to center . Reyes doubled to right . González grounded out to pitcher . Janssen pitching for Nationals . Arenado popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Logan pitching for Rockies . Rendon doubled to deep center . Harper struck out swinging . Axford pitching for Rockies . Descalso at shortstop . LeMahieu at second base . Zimmerman singled to right , Rendon thrown out at home , Zimmerman to second advancing on throw . Werth grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Storen pitching for Nationals . Paulsen singled to right . McKenry hit by pitch , Paulsen to second . Descalso sacrificed to pitcher , Paulsen to third , McKenry to second . Parker grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Paulsen out at home , McKenry to third . LeMahieu singled to left , McKenry and Parker scored . Blackmon struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Axford pitching for Rockies . Desmond grounded out to first . Ramos lined out to left . Taylor singled to center . Espinosa hit for Storen . Taylor stole second . Espinosa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Papelbon pitching for Nationals . Stubbs hit for Axford . Stubbs lined out to left . González struck out swinging . Arenado fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Stubbs in left field . Kahnle pitching for Rockies . Escobar safe at first on error by third baseman Arenado . Rendon walked , Escobar to second . Harper flied out to center . Zimmerman walked , Escobar to third , Rendon to second . Werth struck out swinging . Desmond grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Rockies 6 - Nationals 4 .	Rockies rally for 6 - 4 win over Nationals