Nationals - Top 1st . Anderson pitching for Dodgers . Escobar singled to right . Rendon grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Escobar out at second . Harper grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Rollins singled to center . Peraza lined out to right . Puig grounded out to pitcher , Rollins to second . Van Slyke lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Anderson pitching for Dodgers . Zimmerman doubled to deep right . Werth grounded out to pitcher . Desmond homered to left ( 379 feet ) , Zimmerman scored . Lobatón grounded out to shortstop . Taylor grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Hernández popped out to second . Callaspo grounded out to third . Guerrero singled to center . Ellis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Guerrero out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Anderson pitching for Dodgers . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Escobar walked . Rendon walked , Escobar to second . Harper grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Rendon out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Anderson grounded out to shortstop . Rollins grounded out to pitcher . Peraza tripled to right . Puig struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Anderson pitching for Dodgers . Zimmerman grounded out to third . Werth grounded out to pitcher . Desmond grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Van Slyke flied out to center . Hernández fouled out to shortstop . Callaspo singled to right . Guerrero grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Anderson pitching for Dodgers . Lobatón grounded out to shortstop . Taylor singled to right center . Gonzalez sacrificed to catcher , Taylor to second . Escobar lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Ellis doubled to deep center . Anderson sacrificed to third , Ellis to third . Rollins struck out swinging . Peraza grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Anderson pitching for Dodgers . Rendon singled to left . Harper singled to right , Rendon to second . Zimmerman doubled to deep left , Rendon scored , Harper to third . Werth doubled to deep center , Harper and Zimmerman scored . Desmond singled to right , Werth to third . Desmond stole second . Lobatón walked . Taylor singled to right center , Werth scored , Desmond to third , Lobatón to second . Báez pitching for Dodgers . Gonzalez popped out to catcher . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Desmond scored , Taylor out at second , Lobatón to third . Rendon struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Puig grounded out to shortstop . Van Slyke struck out looking . Hernández doubled to deep left center . Callaspo reached on infield single to third , Hernández to third . Guerrero grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Callaspo out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Baez pitching for Dodgers . Harper struck out swinging . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Werth struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Ellis flied out to right . Pederson hit for Báez . Pederson struck out swinging . Rollins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Howell pitching for Dodgers . Hernández at shortstop . Pederson in center field . Desmond homered to left center ( 427 feet ) . Lobatón struck out swinging . Taylor singled to left . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Escobar singled to right , Taylor to third . Rendon lined out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Moore at first base . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Peraza walked . Puig struck out swinging . Van Slyke lined out to right . Hernández flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Jansen pitching for Dodgers . Harper struck out swinging . Moore struck out swinging . Werth struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 9th . Robinson in right field . Fister pitching for Nationals . Callaspo struck out looking . Guerrero safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Desmond . Guerrero to second on fielder 's indifference . Ellis walked . Pederson struck out looking . Crawford hit for Jansen . Crawford homered to right ( 411 feet ) , Guerrero and Ellis scored . Peraza struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Nationals 8 - Dodgers 3 .	Desmond hits 2 HRs in Nats ' 8 - 3 win over Dodgers