Braves - Top 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Markakis fouled out to left . Ciriaco walked . Freeman walked , Ciriaco to second . Swisher grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ciriaco out at third , Freeman to second . Maybin grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Miller pitching for Braves . Werth flied out to right . Rendon struck out swinging . Harper struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Simmons lined out to third . Olivera struck out swinging . Bethancourt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Miller pitching for Braves . Zimmerman flied out to center . Robinson grounded out to shortstop . Escobar grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Miller struck out swinging . Markakis grounded out to first . Ciriaco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Miller pitching for Braves . Desmond doubled to center . Ramos grounded out to shortstop , Desmond to third . Gonzalez struck out looking . Desmond scored on Miller 's wild pitch . Werth hit ground rule double to deep left center . Rendon singled to left , Werth scored . Harper homered to center ( 401 feet ) , Rendon scored . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Freeman struck out swinging . Swisher grounded out to third . Maybin struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Bourn in center field . Miller pitching for Braves . Robinson walked . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Robinson out at second . Desmond singled to right center , Escobar to third . Desmond to second on wild pitch by Miller . Ramos grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Escobar and Desmond scored , missed catch error by pitcher Miller . Gonzalez sacrificed to first , Ramos to second . Werth walked . Rendon struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Braves - Top 5th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Simmons walked . Olivera struck out swinging , Simmons to second on wild pitch by Gonzalez . Bethancourt struck out looking . Miller fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Miller pitching for Braves . Harper doubled to deep right center . Zimmerman singled to left , Harper scored , Zimmerman out stretching at second . Robinson walked . Burawa pitching for Braves . Escobar flied out to center . Desmond struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Markakis singled to right . Ciriaco struck out looking . Freeman struck out swinging . Swisher singled to left , Markakis to second . Bourn walked , Markakis to third , Swisher to second . Simmons grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bourn out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Burawa pitching for Braves . Ramos grounded out to second . Uggla hit for Gonzalez . Uggla flied out to left . Werth lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Janssen pitching for Nationals . Olivera lined out to center . Bethancourt flied out to center . Castro hit for Burawa . Castro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Detwiler pitching for Braves . Rendon singled to left . Harper doubled to deep right , Rendon to third . Zimmerman grounded out to third , Rendon scored , Harper to third . Robinson struck out swinging . Kelly pitching for Braves . Escobar flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . den Dekker in right field . Rendon at third base . Turner at second base . Grace pitching for Nationals . Markakis safe at first on error by second baseman Turner . Markakis to second on passed ball by Ramos . Ciriaco grounded out to pitcher . Freeman singled to right , Markakis to third . Swisher doubled to deep left , Markakis scored , Freeman to third . Bourn hit sacrifice fly to left , Freeman scored . Treinen pitching for Nationals . Simmons grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Kelly pitching for Braves . Desmond doubled to deep left . Ramos struck out swinging . Treinen grounded out to third . den Dekker struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Treinen pitching for Nationals . Olivera singled to left . Bethancourt flied out to center . Peterson hit for Kelly . Peterson flied out to left . Markakis walked , Olivera to second . Ciriaco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 2 - Nationals 8 .	Harper homers , Gonzalez shines as Nationals beat Braves 8 - 2