Yankees - Top 1st . Johnson pitching for Blue Jays . Gardner reached on infield single to second . Cano grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gardner out at second . Wells flied out to center . Hafner struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Nova pitching for Yankees . Kawasaki reached on infield single to pitcher . Cabrera singled to shallow center , Kawasaki to third . Bautista struck out looking . Encarnacion grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Kawasaki scored , Cabrera out at second , Encarnacion to second on throwing error by shortstop Nunez . Lind walked . Arencibia struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 2nd . Johnson pitching for Blue Jays . Overbay singled to right center . Nunez sacrificed to pitcher , Overbay to second . Suzuki struck out swinging . Nix flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Nova pitching for Yankees . Rasmus doubled to right . Lawrie reached on infield single to shortstop , Rasmus to third . Izturis grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Lawrie out at second . Kawasaki hit sacrifice fly to left , Rasmus scored . Cabrera struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Johnson pitching for Blue Jays . Stewart homered to left ( 369 feet ) . Gardner singled to right center . Cano struck out swinging . Gardner stole second . Wells flied out to center , Gardner to third . Hafner walked . Hafner stole second . Overbay grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Nova pitching for Yankees . Bautista singled to center . Encarnacion flied into double play , left to second to first , Bautista doubled off first . Lind walked . Arencibia fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Johnson pitching for Blue Jays . Nunez flied out to right . Suzuki grounded out to first . Nix struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Nova pitching for Yankees . Rasmus hit by pitch . Lawrie grounded into double play , third to second to first , Rasmus out at second . Izturis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Johnson pitching for Blue Jays . Stewart singled to center . Gardner flied out to left . Cano singled to center , Stewart to second . Wells singled to center , Stewart to third , Cano to second . Hafner fouled out to catcher . Overbay walked , Stewart scored , Cano to third , Wells to second . Nunez walked , Cano scored , Wells to third , Overbay to second . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Nunez out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Nova pitching for Yankees . Kawasaki grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera singled to center . Cabrera caught stealing second , catcher to second . Bautista walked . Encarnacion struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Johnson pitching for Blue Jays . Nix singled to center . Nix to second on wild pitch by Johnson . Stewart sacrificed to third , Nix to third . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Gardner hit sacrifice fly to right , Nix scored . Cano grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Nova pitching for Yankees . Lind walked . Arencibia doubled to deep center , Lind to third . Logan pitching for Yankees . Rasmus singled to left center , Lind scored , Arencibia to third . Phelps pitching for Yankees . Lawrie doubled to left , Arencibia and Rasmus scored . Izturis lined out to center . Kawasaki struck out swinging . Cabrera singled to right , Lawrie scored . Bautista grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cabrera out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Wells singled to left . Wells to second on balk by Cecil . Hafner struck out swinging . Overbay struck out swinging . Rogers pitching for Blue Jays . Nunez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Phelps pitching for Yankees . Encarnacion flied out to left . Lind walked . Arencibia homered to center ( 434 feet ) , Lind scored . Rasmus struck out swinging . Lawrie grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Rogers pitching for Blue Jays . Suzuki bunt grounded out to pitcher . Nix singled to center . Stewart grounded into double play , third to second to first , Nix out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Phelps pitching for Yankees . Izturis grounded out to first . Kawasaki struck out looking . Cabrera walked . Bautista flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Oliver pitching for Blue Jays . Gardner grounded out to second . Cano doubled to left center . Wells grounded out to third . Cano to third on fielder 's indifference . Hafner bunt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 4 - Blue Jays 8 .	Arencibia 's 7th HR rallies Jays past Yankees