Yankees - Top 1st . Wilson pitching for Angels . Gardner grounded out to first . Nix flied out to left . Teixeira walked . Cano grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Teixeira out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Trout singled to center . Hamilton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Trout out at second . Pujols singled to left , Hamilton to second . Trumbo struck out swinging . Kendrick doubled to deep right , Hamilton scored , Pujols to third . Callaspo grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Wilson pitching for Angels . Wells flied out to left . Neal grounded out to pitcher . Adams struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Iannetta lined out to center . Aybar grounded out to third . Bourjos grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Wilson pitching for Angels . Brignac safe at first on error by pitcher Wilson . Romine grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Brignac out at second . Gardner flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Trout grounded out to second . Hamilton flied out to right . Pujols struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Wilson pitching for Angels . Nix grounded out to shortstop . Teixeira grounded out to third . Cano singled to left . Wells singled to right , Cano to third . Neal walked , Wells to second . Adams singled to center , Cano and Wells scored , Neal to second . Brignac walked , Neal to third , Adams to second . Romine grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Brignac out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Trumbo singled to center . Kendrick singled to right , Trumbo to second . Callaspo sacrificed to pitcher , Trumbo to third , Kendrick to second . Iannetta hit sacrifice fly to left , Trumbo scored . Aybar grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Wilson pitching for Angels . Gardner singled to left center . Nix flied out to center , Gardner to second . Teixeira grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gardner out at third . Cano grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Bourjos flied out to left . Trout flied out to right . Hamilton flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Wilson pitching for Angels . Wells grounded out to third . Neal singled to right . Adams grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Neal out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Pujols hit ground rule double to deep right . Trumbo singled to left , Pujols thrown out at home , Trumbo to second advancing on throw . Kendrick intentionally walked . Callaspo flied out to right , Trumbo to third . Iannetta singled to center , Trumbo scored , Kendrick to third . Aybar grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Wilson pitching for Angels . Brignac struck out swinging . Romine struck out swinging . Gardner struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Bourjos reached on infield single to second . Trout struck out swinging . Hamilton struck out swinging . Pujols singled to left , Bourjos to second . Trumbo singled to left , Bourjos scored , Pujols to second . Kendrick grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Jepsen pitching for Angels . Nix reached on infield single to shortstop . Teixeira walked , Nix to second . Cano flied out to left . Wells fouled out to right . Suzuki hit for Neal . Suzuki fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Suzuki in right field . Bootcheck pitching for Yankees . Callaspo walked . Iannetta singled to right , Callaspo to third . Aybar struck out swinging . Bourjos grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Callaspo out at home , Iannetta to third . Trout singled to center , Iannetta scored , Bourjos to second . Hamilton walked , Bourjos to third , Trout to second . Pujols popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Frieri pitching for Angels . Adams struck out swinging . Brignac flied out to left . Hafner hit for Romine . Hafner struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 2 - Angels 5 .	Wilson , Angels top Pettitte , struggling Yankees