Yankees - Top 1st . Dempster pitching for Red Sox . Gardner struck out swinging . Suzuki struck out swinging . Cano doubled to deep right center . Cano to third on wild pitch by Dempster . Soriano grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Ellsbury walked . Victorino singled to left , Ellsbury to second . Pedroia flied out to left . Ortiz walked , Ellsbury to third , Victorino to second . Gomes hit sacrifice fly to right , Ellsbury scored , Victorino to third . Saltalamacchia singled to center , Victorino scored , Ortiz to second . Nava struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Dempster pitching for Red Sox . Rodriguez hit by pitch . Granderson doubled to right , Rodriguez to third . Nunez singled to center , Rodriguez scored , Granderson to third . Overbay hit sacrifice fly to left , Granderson scored . Stewart fouled out to first . Nunez stole second . Gardner popped out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Drew grounded out to first . Middlebrooks grounded out to third . Ellsbury struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Dempster pitching for Red Sox . Suzuki singled to center . Cano singled to center , Suzuki to second . Soriano lined out to right , Suzuki to third . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop , Suzuki scored , Cano to second . Granderson grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Victorino doubled to left . Pedroia flied out to center . Victorino to third on wild pitch by Sabathia . Ortiz grounded out to first , Victorino scored . Gomes grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Dempster pitching for Red Sox . Nunez singled to left . Overbay struck out swinging , Nunez stole second . Stewart flied out to left . Gardner popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Saltalamacchia doubled to left . Nava sacrificed to catcher , Saltalamacchia to third . Drew hit sacrifice fly to left , Saltalamacchia scored . Middlebrooks homered to right ( 391 feet ) . Ellsbury struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Dempster pitching for Red Sox . Suzuki lined out to second . Cano flied out to right . Soriano flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Victorino grounded out to shortstop . Pedroia reached on infield single to shortstop . Ortiz hit ground rule double to deep right , Pedroia to third . Gomes popped out to shortstop . Saltalamacchia intentionally walked . Nava walked , Pedroia scored , Ortiz to third , Saltalamacchia to second . Drew struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Dempster pitching for Red Sox . Rodriguez homered to center ( 446 feet ) . Granderson grounded out to first . Nunez singled to left . Overbay singled to right , Nunez to second . Stewart walked , Nunez to third , Overbay to second . Britton pitching for Red Sox . Nix ran for Nunez . Gardner tripled to deep right center , Nix , Overbay and Stewart scored . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gardner out at home . Cano singled to left , Suzuki to second . Workman pitching for Red Sox . Soriano grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cano out at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Nix at shortstop . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Middlebrooks walked . Ellsbury struck out looking . Kelley pitching for Yankees . Victorino struck out swinging . Pedroia grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Workman pitching for Red Sox . Rodriguez singled to center . Granderson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rodriguez out at second . Granderson stole second . Nix struck out swinging . Morales pitching for Red Sox . Reynolds hit for Overbay . Reynolds singled to center , Granderson scored . Stewart flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Reynolds at first base . Logan pitching for Yankees . Ortiz struck out swinging . Gomes walked . Saltalamacchia grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gomes out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Morales pitching for Red Sox . Gardner hit by pitch . Suzuki reached on bunt single to catcher , Gardner to second . Cano struck out swinging . Tazawa pitching for Red Sox . Soriano struck out swinging . Rodriguez reached on infield single to second , Gardner to third , Suzuki to second . Granderson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Robertson pitching for Yankees . Nava struck out swinging . Drew struck out swinging . Middlebrooks doubled to left . Middlebrooks to third on wild pitch by Robertson . Ellsbury struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . De La Rosa pitching for Red Sox . Nix hit by pitch . Nix to second on wild pitch by De La Rosa . Reynolds grounded out to third . Nix stole third . Stewart singled to shallow left , Nix scored . Gardner singled to right , Stewart to second . Suzuki flied out to center , Stewart to third . Cano hit by pitch , Gardner to second . Soriano flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Victorino grounded out to pitcher . Pedroia grounded out to shortstop . Ortiz singled to center . Gomes walked , Ortiz to second . Saltalamacchia lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 9 - Red Sox 6 .	A - Rod hit , hits homer as Yanks top Red Sox