Braves - Top 1st. Moyer pitching for Rockies. Bourn reached on bunt single to second. Jones grounded into double play, third to second to first, Bourn out at second. Freeman flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Minor pitching for Braves. Scutaro flied out to left. Fowler walked. Gonzalez singled to right, Fowler to third. Tulowitzki grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Gonzalez out at second. Helton walked, Tulowitzki to second. Cuddyer homered to left center (426 feet), Fowler, Tulowitzki and Helton scored. Rosario struck out looking. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Moyer pitching for Rockies. McCann singled to center. Uggla singled to left, McCann to second. Diaz grounded into double play, third to first, McCann out at third, Uggla to second. Heyward walked. Pastornicky grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Minor pitching for Braves. Nelson grounded out to second. Moyer singled to left. Scutaro singled to left center, Moyer to second. Fowler struck out looking. Gonzalez doubled to deep center, Moyer and Scutaro scored. Tulowitzki fouled out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Moyer pitching for Rockies. Minor safe at first on error by shortstop Tulowitzki. Bourn grounded into fielder's choice to third, Minor out at second. Jones grounded out to third, Bourn to second. Freeman safe at first on error by left fielder Gonzalez, Bourn scored. McCann grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Minor pitching for Braves. Helton singled to right. Cuddyer singled to center, Helton to third, Cuddyer out stretching at second. Rosario grounded out to third. Nelson intentionally walked. Moyer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Moyer pitching for Rockies. Uggla flied out to center. Diaz singled to center. Heyward flied out to left. Pastornicky flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Minor pitching for Braves. Scutaro struck out swinging. Fowler grounded out to pitcher. Gonzalez singled to center. Tulowitzki popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Moyer pitching for Rockies. Minor singled to left. Bourn flied out to left. Jones doubled to deep right center, Minor scored. Freeman popped out to second. McCann singled to right center, Jones scored. Uggla struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Minor pitching for Braves. Helton grounded out to second. Cuddyer walked. Rosario homered to center (453 feet), Cuddyer scored. Nelson singled to center. Moyer sacrificed to pitcher, Nelson to second. Scutaro grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Moyer pitching for Rockies. Diaz homered to right (430 feet). Heyward homered to center (439 feet). Pastornicky singled to right. Francisco hit for Minor. Rogers pitching for Rockies. Francisco walked, Pastornicky to second. Bourn singled to center, Pastornicky to third, Francisco to second. Jones singled to center, Pastornicky and Francisco scored, Bourn to second. Bourn to third, Jones to second on wild pitch by Rogers. Freeman grounded out to second, Bourn scored, Jones to third. McCann intentionally walked. Uggla grounded into double play, third to second to first, McCann out at second. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Martinez pitching for Braves. Fowler struck out swinging. Gonzalez walked. Tulowitzki grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Rogers pitching for Rockies. Diaz singled to left. Heyward walked, Diaz to second. Pastornicky grounded out to second. Prado hit for Martinez. Prado hit by pitch. Brothers pitching for Rockies. Colvin in center field. Bourn walked, Diaz scored, Heyward to third, Prado to second. Jones singled to center, Heyward and Prado scored, Bourn to third. Freeman hit sacrifice fly to center, Bourn scored. McCann flied out to left. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Durbin pitching for Braves. Prado in left field. Helton flied out to left. Cuddyer struck out swinging. Rosario homered to right (399 feet). Nelson walked. Colvin walked, Nelson to second. Scutaro flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Torres pitching for Rockies. Herrera at second base. Uggla lined out to left. Hinske hit for Durbin. Hinske grounded out to first. Heyward grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. O'Flaherty pitching for Braves. Herrera flied out to center. Gonzalez singled to right. Hernandez pitching for Braves. Tulowitzki singled to right, Gonzalez to second. Helton grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Tulowitzki out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Escalona pitching for Rockies. Pastornicky grounded out to shortstop. Prado walked. Bourn safe at second on error by center fielder Colvin, Prado scored. Jones struck out swinging. Freeman struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Hernandez pitching for Braves. Cuddyer struck out swinging. Rosario grounded out to shortstop. Nelson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 13 - Rockies 9.	Chipper matches career high with 5 RBIs in win