Braves - Top 1st. Detwiler pitching for Nationals. Bourn bunt popped out foul to catcher. Prado lined out to right. Heyward grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Jurrjens pitching for Braves. Lombardozzi singled to right. Harper grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lombardozzi out at second. Zimmerman homered to right center (387 feet), Harper scored. Morse singled to center. LaRoche fouled out to third. Espinosa doubled to deep right center, Morse scored, Espinosa to third advancing on throw. Bernadina singled to right, Espinosa scored. Bernadina caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Leon batting. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Detwiler pitching for Nationals. Jones singled to center. Freeman grounded into fielder's choice to second, Jones out at second. McCann flied out to right. Uggla fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Jurrjens pitching for Braves. Leon grounded out to first. Detwiler reached on infield single to shortstop. Lombardozzi grounded into fielder's choice to first, Detwiler out at second. Harper lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Detwiler pitching for Nationals. Janish struck out swinging. Jurrjens flied out to center. Bourn grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Jurrjens pitching for Braves. Zimmerman homered to left (394 feet). Morse doubled to deep right center. LaRoche grounded out to second, Morse to third. Espinosa singled to right, Morse scored. Avilan pitching for Braves. Bernadina reached on infield single to pitcher, Espinosa to second. Espinosa stole third, Bernadina stole second. Leon fouled out to first. Detwiler grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Detwiler pitching for Nationals. Prado singled to center. Heyward struck out swinging. Jones singled to left, Prado to second. Freeman singled to right, Prado to third, Jones to second. McCann grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Prado out at home. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Avilan pitching for Braves. Lombardozzi grounded out to third. Harper struck out swinging. Zimmerman lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Detwiler pitching for Nationals. Uggla grounded out to pitcher. Janish lined out to left. Avilan singled to left. Bourn grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Avilan pitching for Braves. Morse singled to deep right. LaRoche struck out swinging. Espinosa doubled to deep center, Morse to third. Bernadina intentionally walked. Leon doubled to deep left, Morse and Espinosa scored, Bernadina to third. Detwiler struck out swinging. Lombardozzi flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Detwiler pitching for Nationals. Prado singled to center. Heyward doubled to deep left, Prado to third. Jones struck out swinging. Prado scored, Heyward to third on passed ball by Leon. Freeman grounded out to first, Heyward scored. McCann grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Varvaro pitching for Braves. Harper singled to center. Zimmerman reached on infield single to second, Harper to second. Morse struck out looking. LaRoche singled to right, Harper thrown out at home, Zimmerman to third. LaRoche to second on wild pitch by Varvaro. Espinosa walked. Bernadina reached on infield single to shortstop, Zimmerman scored, LaRoche to third, Espinosa to second. Leon flied out to center. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Detwiler pitching for Nationals. Uggla walked. Janish flied out to left. Ross hit for Varvaro. Ross flied out to right. Bourn grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Venters pitching for Braves. Ross catching. Moore hit for Detwiler. Moore struck out swinging. Lombardozzi grounded out to pitcher. Harper safe at first on error by pitcher Venters. Harper to second on wild pitch by Venters. Zimmerman grounded out to second, Harper to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Top 8th. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Prado grounded out to second. Heyward singled to left. Jones flied out to left. Freeman popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Venters pitching for Braves. Morse struck out swinging. LaRoche singled to right center. Espinosa grounded into fielder's choice to second, LaRoche out at second. Bernadina grounded into fielder's choice to first, Espinosa out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Hinske hit for Venters. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Hinske flied out to center. Uggla struck out swinging. Janish struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 2 - Nationals 9.	Zimmerman's 2 HRs power Nats by Braves \n\n