Rangers - Top 1st. Galarraga pitching for Tigers. Kinsler grounded out to third. Young struck out swinging. Hamilton popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Benson pitching for Rangers. Granderson grounded out to first. Polanco lined out to left. Ordonez walked. Cabrera grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Galarraga pitching for Tigers. Blalock grounded out to shortstop. Cruz singled to left. Byrd singled to deep center, Cruz to second. Davis grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Byrd out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Benson pitching for Rangers. Guillen popped out to shortstop. Larish reached on infield single to catcher, Larish to second on throwing error by catcher Saltalamacchia. Laird singled to center, Larish scored. Inge fouled out to first. Everett flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 3rd. Galarraga pitching for Tigers. Saltalamacchia grounded out to first. Andrus struck out looking. Kinsler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Benson pitching for Rangers. Granderson struck out looking. Polanco singled to shallow left. Ordonez singled to left, Polanco to second. Cabrera singled to right, Polanco to third, Ordonez to second. Guillen hit sacrifice fly to right, Polanco scored, Ordonez to third. Larish struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Galarraga pitching for Tigers. Young lined out to center. Hamilton walked. Blalock lined out to second. Cruz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Benson pitching for Rangers. Laird flied out to right. Inge singled to center. Everett singled to right, Inge to third. Granderson doubled to deep right, Inge scored, Everett to third. Polanco hit by pitch. Ordonez struck out swinging. Cabrera homered to center, Everett, Granderson and Polanco scored. Guillen grounded out to first. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Galarraga pitching for Tigers. Byrd grounded out to third. Davis struck out swinging. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Benson pitching for Rangers. Larish homered to left. Laird walked. Inge flied out to center. Everett grounded into fielder's choice to first, Laird out at second. Granderson lined out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Galarraga pitching for Tigers. Andrus singled to left. Kinsler fouled out to left. Young flied out to right. Hamilton singled to right, Andrus to second. Blalock singled to center, Andrus scored, Hamilton to second. Cruz grounded into fielder's choice to third, Blalock out at second, Hamilton to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Madrigal pitching for Rangers. Polanco grounded out to pitcher. Ordonez flied out to right. Cabrera flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Galarraga pitching for Tigers. Byrd struck out swinging. Davis flied out to left. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Madrigal pitching for Rangers. Guillen flied out to left. Larish popped out to third. Laird hit by pitch. Inge walked, Laird to second. Laird to third, Inge to second on wild pitch by Madrigal. Everett walked. Granderson walked, Laird scored, Inge to third, Everett to second. Rupe pitching for Rangers. Polanco walked, Inge scored, Everett to third, Granderson to second. Ordonez singled to center, Everett and Granderson scored, Polanco to second. Cabrera doubled to deep left, Polanco and Ordonez scored. Guillen walked. Anderson ran for Guillen. Larish grounded out to second. 6 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Anderson in left field. Perry pitching for Tigers. Andrus struck out swinging. Kinsler walked. Young lined out to right. Hamilton walked, Kinsler to second. Bonine pitching for Tigers. Blalock lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Rupe pitching for Rangers. Laird tripled to deep center. Inge walked. Everett grounded into fielder's choice to third, Laird scored, Inge out at second. Granderson flied out to right. Polanco reached on infield single to third, Everett to second. Ordonez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Polanco out at second, Everett to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Bonine pitching for Tigers. Cruz homered to left center. Byrd grounded out to shortstop. Davis grounded out to second. Saltalamacchia grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 2 - Tigers 15.	Cabrera's slam, 6 RBIs highlight Tigers' rout