Orioles - Top 1st. Benson pitching for Rangers. Roberts walked. Jones doubled to deep right, Roberts to third. Markakis grounded out to second, Roberts scored, Jones to third. Huff grounded out to second, Jones scored. Wigginton flied out to right. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Hendrickson pitching for Orioles. Kinsler doubled to deep left. Young grounded out to shortstop, Kinsler to third. Hamilton singled to center, Kinsler scored. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hamilton out at second. Blalock flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Benson pitching for Rangers. Scott doubled to deep right. Pie struck out swinging. Moeller flied out to center. Izturis walked. Roberts singled to left, Scott to third, Izturis to second. Jones walked, Scott scored, Izturis to third, Roberts to second. Markakis flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Hendrickson pitching for Orioles. Byrd grounded out to third. Cruz grounded out to third. Saltalamacchia lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Benson pitching for Rangers. Huff popped out to second. Wigginton grounded out to pitcher. Scott singled to center. Pie popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Hendrickson pitching for Orioles. Andrus struck out swinging. Kinsler homered to left center. Young safe at first on error by shortstop Izturis. Hamilton grounded into fielder's choice to first, Young out at second. Hamilton stole second. Jones walked. Blalock singled to right, Hamilton scored, Jones to third. Byrd doubled to left, Jones scored, Blalock to third. Cruz walked. Saltalamacchia grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 4th. Benson pitching for Rangers. Moeller flied out to center. Izturis grounded out to third. Roberts struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Hendrickson pitching for Orioles. Andrus walked. Kinsler singled to left, Andrus to second. Young grounded into fielder's choice to second, Andrus scored on throwing error by second baseman Roberts, Kinsler safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Roberts. Kinsler stole third. Young stole second. Hamilton struck out swinging. Jones intentionally walked. Blalock flied out to center. Byrd singled to left, Kinsler scored, Young to third, Jones to second. Liz pitching for Orioles. Cruz homered to right, Young, Jones and Byrd scored. Saltalamacchia walked. Andrus tripled to deep center, Saltalamacchia scored. Kinsler singled to center, Andrus scored. Young lined out to center. 8 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 5th. Benson pitching for Rangers. Jones flied out to right. Markakis doubled to deep right center. Huff flied out to right. Wigginton grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Liz pitching for Orioles. Hamilton struck out looking. Jones doubled to deep center. Blalock flied out to left. Byrd singled to left, Jones scored. Bass pitching for Orioles. Cruz struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Benson pitching for Rangers. Scott fouled out to third. Pie grounded out to first. Moeller homered to left. Izturis flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Andino at second base. Freel in right field. Bass pitching for Orioles. Saltalamacchia flied out to left. Andrus walked. Kinsler tripled to deep right center, Andrus scored. Young grounded out to shortstop, Kinsler scored. Hamilton singled to right. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hamilton out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Eyre pitching for Rangers. Andino walked. Jones flied out to center. Freel reached on infield single to third, Andino to second. Huff grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Freel out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Bass pitching for Orioles. Blalock struck out swinging. Byrd singled to center. Byrd to second on wild pitch by Bass. Cruz flied out to center, Byrd to third. Albers pitching for Orioles. Saltalamacchia grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Eyre pitching for Rangers. Wigginton popped out to shortstop. Scott grounded out to catcher. Pie struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Albers pitching for Orioles. Andrus singled to left. Kinsler doubled to deep left center, Andrus scored. Kinsler to third on wild pitch by Albers. Young walked. Hamilton struck out swinging. Jones hit by pitch, Young to second. Blalock hit sacrifice fly to left, Kinsler scored. Byrd singled to left, Young to third, Jones to second. Cruz doubled to deep left, Young and Jones scored, Byrd to third. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Rupe pitching for Rangers. Moeller grounded out to shortstop. Izturis grounded out to shortstop. Andino reached on infield single to third. Jones homered to right, Andino scored. Freel flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 6 - Rangers 19.	Kinsler picks up 6 hits, cycle as Rangers roll