Dodgers - Top 1st. Holland pitching for Rangers. Pierre walked. Furcal reached on bunt single to first, Pierre to second. Hudson sacrificed to first, Pierre to third, Furcal to second. Blake hit sacrifice fly to right, Pierre scored, Furcal to third. Ethier grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Kinsler grounded out to second. Young walked. Blalock singled to center, Young to second. Jones singled to center, Young to third, Blalock to second. Cruz grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Young scored, Jones out at second, Blalock to third, Blalock scored, Cruz to second on throwing error by shortstop Furcal. Murphy grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Holland pitching for Rangers. Kemp flied out to right. Loney struck out swinging. Martin grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Byrd struck out swinging. Saltalamacchia grounded out to first. Andrus flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Holland pitching for Rangers. Ausmus doubled to deep right center. Pierre walked. Furcal sacrificed to first, Ausmus to third, Pierre to second. Hudson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ausmus out at home, Pierre to third. Blake homered to left center, Pierre and Hudson scored. Ethier safe at first on error by first baseman Blalock. Ethier stole second. Kemp flied out to right. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Kinsler flied out to center. Young struck out looking. Blalock grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Holland pitching for Rangers. Loney walked. Loney stole second. Martin flied out to center. Ausmus walked. Pierre grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ausmus out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Jones homered to left. Cruz struck out swinging. Murphy grounded out to second. Byrd lined out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Holland pitching for Rangers. Furcal fouled out to right. Hudson doubled to right. Blake lined out to second. Ethier reached on infield single to second, Hudson to third. Kemp struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Saltalamacchia popped out to third. Andrus bunt grounded out to pitcher. Kinsler grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Mathis pitching for Rangers. Loney flied out to left. Martin walked. Ausmus hit by pitch, Martin to second. Pierre flied out to left. Furcal walked, Martin to third, Ausmus to second. Hudson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Young grounded out to shortstop. Blalock grounded out to shortstop. Jones grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Guardado pitching for Rangers. Blake doubled to left. Ethier struck out swinging. Kemp walked. Loney singled to right, Blake scored, Kemp to second, Kemp thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. Martin singled to left, Loney to third. O'Day pitching for Rangers. Ausmus singled to right, Loney scored, Martin to third. Pierre grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Cruz singled to left. Murphy grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cruz out at second. Byrd popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. O'Day pitching for Rangers. Furcal struck out looking. Hudson flied out to center. Blake grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Saltalamacchia singled to center. Troncoso pitching for Dodgers. Saltalamacchia caught stealing second, catcher to second. Andrus struck out looking. Kinsler grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Ethier struck out swinging. Kemp singled to center. Kemp stole second. Loney struck out swinging. Martin flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. Young singled to center. Blalock struck out swinging. Jones struck out swinging. Young to second on fielder's indifference. Cruz struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 6 - Rangers 3.	Billingsley quiets Rangers for NL-best 9th win