Rangers - Top 1st. Garland pitching for Diamondbacks. Kinsler popped out to first. Vizquel singled to right. Young grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Vizquel out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Lopez flied out to left. Drew singled to left. Upton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Drew out at second. Upton stole second. Upton to third on passed ball by Saltalamacchia. Reynolds homered to left, Upton scored. Parra grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Garland pitching for Diamondbacks. Jones flied out to left. Byrd grounded out to shortstop. Cruz flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Montero flied out to left. Byrnes hit by pitch. Ojeda grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Byrnes out at second. Garland struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Roberts in left field. Garland pitching for Diamondbacks. Saltalamacchia singled to right. Davis singled to left, Saltalamacchia to second. Feldman sacrificed to pitcher, Saltalamacchia to third, Davis to second. Kinsler walked. Vizquel grounded into fielder's choice to first, Saltalamacchia scored on error by first baseman Reynolds, Davis to third, Kinsler to second. Young walked, Davis scored, Kinsler to third, Vizquel to second. Jones safe at first on error by third baseman Ojeda, Kinsler scored, Vizquel to third, Young to second. Byrd grounded into double play, third to second to first, Jones out at second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Lopez lined out to center. Drew flied out to left. Upton walked. Reynolds singled to right, Upton to third. Parra flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Garland pitching for Diamondbacks. Cruz grounded out to shortstop. Saltalamacchia flied out to center. Davis doubled to deep center. Feldman grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Montero grounded out to first. Roberts lined out to shortstop. Ojeda grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Garland pitching for Diamondbacks. Kinsler doubled to deep right. Vizquel sacrificed to third, Kinsler to third. Young grounded out to pitcher. Jones homered to left, Kinsler scored. Byrd grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Garland grounded out to shortstop. Lopez flied out to center. Drew flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Garland pitching for Diamondbacks. Cruz flied out to center. Saltalamacchia flied out to right. Davis singled to center. Feldman flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Upton doubled to deep center. Reynolds popped out to third. Parra flied out to center, Upton to third. Upton scored on Feldman's wild pitch. Montero grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Garland pitching for Diamondbacks. Kinsler walked. Vizquel flied out to center. Young reached on infield single to second, Kinsler to second. Gutierrez pitching for Diamondbacks. Jones struck out swinging. Byrd doubled to left, Kinsler scored, Young to third. Cruz grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. O'Day pitching for Rangers. Roberts grounded out to second. Ojeda flied out to left. Clark hit for Gutierrez. Clark homered to right. Lopez flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Zavada pitching for Diamondbacks. Saltalamacchia flied out to center. Davis struck out looking. Boggs hit for O'Day. Boggs struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Francisco pitching for Rangers. Drew fouled out to first. Upton reached on infield single to shortstop. Reynolds homered to center, Upton scored. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Parra singled to right. Montero grounded out to second, Parra to second. Roberts flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Qualls pitching for Diamondbacks. Kinsler popped out to shortstop. Vizquel grounded out to second. Young hit ground rule double to deep right center. Jones flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Ojeda walked. Haren hit for Qualls. Haren struck out bunting foul. Lopez struck out swinging. Drew singled to left, Ojeda to second. Grilli pitching for Rangers. Murphy in left field. Upton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ojeda out at third, Drew to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 10th. Pena pitching for Diamondbacks. Byrd singled to center. Cruz grounded into fielder's choice to third, Byrd out at second. Saltalamacchia flied out to right. Davis walked, Cruz to second. Schoeneweis pitching for Diamondbacks. Murphy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 10th. Grilli pitching for Rangers. Reynolds grounded out to pitcher. Parra grounded out to first. Montero flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 11th. Rauch pitching for Diamondbacks. Kinsler flied out to right. Vizquel walked. Vizquel to second on wild pitch by Rauch. Vizquel safe at third on throwing error by catcher Montero. Young lined out to right. Blalock hit for Grilli. Blalock flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 11th. Guardado pitching for Rangers. Roberts flied out to right. Ojeda struck out swinging. Young hit for Rauch. Young walked. Lopez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 12th. Vasquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Byrd grounded out to third. Cruz doubled to deep right center. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Davis homered to right, Cruz scored. Murphy homered to right. Kinsler singled to right. Kinsler stole second. Vizquel walked. Boyer pitching for Diamondbacks. Young struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 12th. Jennings pitching for Rangers. Drew reached on infield single to second. Upton walked, Drew to second. Reynolds struck out swinging. Parra grounded out to pitcher, Drew to third, Upton to second. Montero singled to left center, Drew and Upton scored. Roberts grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Montero out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 9 - Diamondbacks 8.	Back-to-back jacks lift Rangers over D-backs