Padres - Top 1st. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Gwynn homered to right. Eckstein fouled out to catcher. Hairston flied out to center. Gonzalez walked. Kouzmanoff grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Silva pitching for Padres. Kinsler doubled to deep right center. Murphy safe at second on error by right fielder Gwynn, Kinsler scored. Young walked. Byrd reached on infield single to shortstop, Murphy to third, Young to second. Blalock hit sacrifice fly to left, Murphy scored. Cruz grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Byrd out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Top 2nd. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Headley walked. Blanks struck out swinging. Alfonzo grounded out to shortstop, Headley to second. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Silva pitching for Padres. Saltalamacchia walked. Davis walked, Saltalamacchia to second. Andrus reached on bunt single to catcher, Saltalamacchia to third, Davis to second. Kinsler hit sacrifice fly to right, Saltalamacchia scored. Murphy homered to right, Davis and Andrus scored. Young flied out to center. Byrd popped out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Gwynn flied out to left. Eckstein singled to right. Hairston flied out to right. Gonzalez walked, Eckstein to second. Kouzmanoff grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Silva pitching for Padres. Blalock singled to center. Cruz walked, Blalock to second. Saltalamacchia doubled to deep center, Blalock and Cruz scored. Davis struck out looking. Andrus tripled to deep center, Saltalamacchia scored. Perdomo pitching for Padres. Kinsler walked. Murphy walked, Kinsler to second. Young struck out swinging. Byrd grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Murphy out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Headley flied out to center. Blanks fouled out to first. Alfonzo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Perdomo pitching for Padres. Blalock homered to right. Cruz flied out to center. Saltalamacchia lined out to left. Davis struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Cabrera hit by pitch. Cabrera to second on fielder's indifference. Gwynn safe at first on error by shortstop Andrus. Eckstein singled to left, Cabrera to third, Gwynn to second. Hairston grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cabrera scored, Gwynn out at third, Eckstein to second. Gonzalez popped out to shortstop. Kouzmanoff grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hairston out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Perdomo pitching for Padres. Andrus reached on infield single to shortstop. Kinsler grounded out to shortstop, Andrus to second. Murphy struck out swinging. Young grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Headley struck out looking. Blanks struck out looking. Alfonzo singled to right center. Cabrera hit by pitch, Alfonzo to second. Gwynn struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Perdomo pitching for Padres. Byrd grounded out to shortstop. Blalock grounded out to second. Cruz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Grilli pitching for Rangers. Eckstein grounded out to shortstop. Hairston grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Rodriguez at second base. Gonzalez at first base. Thatcher pitching for Padres. Saltalamacchia reached on infield single to second. Davis singled to right center, Saltalamacchia to third. Andrus singled to center, Saltalamacchia scored, Davis to second. Kinsler singled to center, Davis to third, Andrus to second. Murphy flied into double play, right to shortstop, Andrus doubled off second. Davis scored, Kinsler to second on wild pitch by Thatcher. Young struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Eyre pitching for Rangers. Kouzmanoff grounded out to shortstop. Headley flied out to left. Blanks flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Burke pitching for Padres. Byrd flied out to center. Blalock grounded out to second. Cruz lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Mathis pitching for Rangers. Alfonzo flied out to center. Cabrera grounded out to pitcher. Gwynn flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 2 - Rangers 12.	Murphy, Blalock power Rangers' rout of Pads