Rangers - Top 1st. Saunders pitching for Angels. Vizquel singled to center. Young flied out to left. Byrd fouled out to first. Vizquel to second on wild pitch by Saunders. Jones walked. Hamilton homered to right center, Vizquel and Jones scored. Blalock homered to right. Murphy lined out to third. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Figgins grounded out to pitcher. Izturis walked. Abreu walked, Izturis to second. Guerrero singled to shallow right, Izturis to third, Abreu to second. Rivera walked, Izturis scored, Abreu to third, Guerrero to second. Morales struck out swinging. Aybar grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Saunders pitching for Angels. Teagarden doubled to left. Andrus sacrificed to pitcher, Teagarden to third. Vizquel singled to center, Teagarden scored. Young grounded out to shortstop, Vizquel to second. Byrd hit by pitch. Palmer pitching for Angels. Jones walked, Vizquel to third, Byrd to second. Hamilton grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Napoli flied out to center. Matthews singled to left. Figgins grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Matthews out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Palmer pitching for Angels. Blalock grounded out to first. Murphy doubled to deep left center. Teagarden walked. Andrus walked, Murphy to third, Teagarden to second. Vizquel singled to right, Murphy scored, Teagarden to third, Andrus to second. Young struck out swinging. Byrd struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Izturis singled to right. Abreu grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Izturis out at second. Guerrero grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Palmer pitching for Angels. Jones grounded out to first. Hamilton singled to left. Hamilton stole second. Blalock struck out swinging. Murphy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Rivera grounded out to third. Morales singled to center. Aybar singled to right center, Morales to second. Napoli struck out swinging. Matthews struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Speier pitching for Angels. Teagarden homered to left. Andrus grounded out to shortstop. Vizquel homered to right. Young homered to center. Byrd grounded out to shortstop. Jones grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Figgins struck out looking. Izturis struck out looking. Abreu struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Loux pitching for Angels. Hamilton grounded out to third. Blalock grounded out to shortstop. Murphy grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Guerrero flied out to right. Rivera popped out to first. Morales struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Kendrick at second base. Izturis at third base. Quinlan in left field. Willits in right field. Loux pitching for Angels. Teagarden grounded out to shortstop. Andrus struck out swinging. Vizquel grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Aybar singled to right. Napoli singled to left, Aybar to second. Matthews singled to left, Aybar to third, Napoli to second. Jennings pitching for Rangers. Kendrick grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Aybar scored, Matthews out at second, Napoli to third. Izturis homered to right, Napoli and Kendrick scored. Quinlan singled to right. Guerrero struck out swinging. Willits walked, Quinlan to second. Feliz pitching for Rangers. Morales popped out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Loux pitching for Angels. Young doubled to center. Byrd singled to center, Young to third. Jones struck out looking. Hamilton walked, Byrd to second. Blalock grounded into fielder's choice to second, Young scored, Hamilton out at second, Byrd to third. Blalock to second on wild pitch by Loux. Murphy grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Feliz pitching for Rangers. Aybar grounded out to first. Napoli struck out swinging. Matthews struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Loux pitching for Angels. Teagarden safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Aybar. Andrus singled to center, Teagarden to second. Vizquel grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Andrus out at second, Teagarden to third. Young singled to right, Teagarden scored, Vizquel to second. Byrd hit by pitch, Vizquel to third, Young to second. Jones popped out to shortstop. Hamilton grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 9th. O'Day pitching for Rangers. Kendrick walked. Kendrick to second on fielder's indifference. Izturis singled to right, Kendrick scored. Quinlan flied out to right. Guerrero singled to right, Izturis to second. Willits grounded out to first, Izturis to third, Guerrero to second. Morales grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 11 - Angels 6.	Rangers hit five homers to pick apart Angels