Rangers - Top 1st. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Borbon grounded out to pitcher. Andrus bunt grounded out to catcher. Murphy flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. McCarthy pitching for Rangers. Kennedy struck out looking. Davis struck out looking. Sweeney grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Crosby at third base. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Byrd struck out swinging. Blalock grounded out to first. Kinsler flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. McCarthy pitching for Rangers. Suzuki flied out to left. Cust walked. Ellis fouled out to third. Barton tripled to right, Cust scored, Barton scored on throwing error by second baseman Kinsler. Pennington flied out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 3rd. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Cruz grounded out to third. Davis singled to center. Rodriguez singled to right, Davis to second. Borbon grounded into fielder's choice to first, Rodriguez out at second, Davis to third. Andrus grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Borbon out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. McCarthy pitching for Rangers. Patterson flied out to left. Crosby grounded out to third. Davis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Murphy singled to center. Byrd walked, Murphy to second. Blalock grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Byrd out at second, Murphy to third. Kinsler grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. McCarthy pitching for Rangers. Sweeney singled to shallow left. Suzuki singled to left, Sweeney to second. Cust struck out looking. Ellis flied out to center, Sweeney to third. Barton singled to right center, Sweeney scored, Suzuki to second. Pennington grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Cruz walked. Davis flied out to left. Rodriguez singled to center, Cruz to second. Borbon grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Rodriguez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. McCarthy pitching for Rangers. Patterson flied out to center. Crosby grounded out to third. Davis doubled to deep left. Sweeney grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Andrus singled to left center. Andrus stole second. Murphy doubled to deep right, Andrus scored. Byrd flied out to center, Murphy thrown out at third. Breslow pitching for Athletics. Blalock flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. McCarthy pitching for Rangers. Suzuki walked. Cust struck out swinging, Suzuki stole second. Feliz pitching for Rangers. Ellis walked. Barton flied out to center. Pennington struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Andrew Breslow pitching for Athletics. Kinsler popped out to second. Cruz singled to right. Davis struck out swinging. Rodriguez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Eyre pitching for Rangers. Patterson doubled to deep right. Crosby sacrificed to pitcher, Patterson to third. Davis singled to right, Patterson scored. Sweeney singled to right, Davis to third. Suzuki doubled to left, Davis and Sweeney scored. Cust doubled to right, Suzuki scored. Ellis singled to right, Cust scored. Mathis pitching for Rangers. Barton lined into double play, to first, Ellis doubled off first. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Blevins pitching for Athletics. Borbon struck out swinging. Andrus grounded out to third. Murphy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Moscoso pitching for Rangers. Pennington flied out to left. Patterson singled to right. Patterson to second on passed ball by Rodriguez. Patterson to third on passed ball by Rodriguez. Crosby grounded out to third. Davis struck out swinging, Davis safe at first on wild pitch by Moscoso, Patterson scored. Davis to second on wild pitch by Moscoso. Sweeney flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Ziegler pitching for Athletics. Byrd lined out to second. Blalock walked. Kinsler lined into double play, pitcher to first, Blalock out at first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 1 - Athletics 9.	A's clinch winning month with rout of Rangers