Braves - Top 1st. Perez pitching for Dodgers. Giles grounded out to third. Renteria grounded out to third. Diaz singled to left center. Diaz stole second. Diaz to third on wild pitch by Perez. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Ramirez pitching for Braves. Furcal singled to right. Cruz Jr singled to left, Furcal to second. Drew singled to right, Furcal scored, Cruz Jr to third. Kent hit by pitch, Drew to second. Saenz hit sacrifice fly to center, Cruz Jr scored, Drew to third. Mueller reached on infield single to shortstop, Drew scored, Kent to second. Alomar Jr doubled to left center, Kent scored, Mueller to third. Repko flied out to center. Perez struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Perez pitching for Dodgers. Francoeur reached on infield single to first. Betemit grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Francoeur out at second. LaRoche struck out swinging. Pratt fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Ramirez pitching for Braves. Furcal walked. Furcal stole second, Furcal safe at third on throwing error by catcher Pratt. Cruz Jr hit sacrifice fly to left, Furcal scored. Drew struck out swinging. Kent singled to center. Saenz struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Braves - Top 3rd. Perez pitching for Dodgers. Ramirez singled to center. Giles singled to left, Ramirez to second. Renteria doubled to left, Ramirez scored, Giles to third. Diaz hit sacrifice fly to center, Giles scored, Renteria to third. Jones singled to left, Renteria scored. Francoeur grounded out to pitcher, Jones to second. Betemit homered to left, Jones scored. LaRoche struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Ramirez pitching for Braves. Mueller singled to center. Alomar Jr singled to right, Mueller to third, Alomar Jr out stretching at second. Repko fouled out to first. Perez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Perez pitching for Dodgers. Pratt singled to left. Carter pitching for Dodgers. Sosa ran for Ramirez. Ramirez reached on bunt single to first, Pratt to second. Giles walked, Pratt to third, Sosa to second. Renteria singled to right, Pratt scored, Sosa to third, Giles to second. Diaz struck out looking. Jones walked, Sosa scored, Giles to third, Renteria to second. Francoeur hit sacrifice fly to right, Giles scored. Renteria to third, Jones to second on wild pitch by Carter. Thomson pitching for Braves. Betemit flied out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Thomson pitching for Braves. Furcal struck out swinging. Cruz Jr singled to right center. Martinez hit for Kent. Drew struck out swinging. Martinez at second base. Loney at first base. Martinez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Carter pitching for Dodgers. LaRoche flied out to left. Pratt grounded out to shortstop. Thomson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Thomson pitching for Braves. Loney flied out to right. Mueller walked. Alomar Jr grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Mueller out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Carter pitching for Dodgers. Giles flied out to center. Renteria bunt grounded out to pitcher. Diaz struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Ledee hit for Carter. Thomson pitching for Braves. Repko flied out to center. Ledee flied out to left. Brazoban pitching for Dodgers. Furcal flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Brazoban pitching for Dodgers. Jones grounded out to second. Francoeur struck out swinging. Betemit singled to deep center, Betemit to second on error by shortstop Furcal. Langerhans in left field. LaRoche grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Thomson pitching for Braves. Cruz Jr struck out swinging. Drew walked. Remlinger pitching for Braves. Martinez singled to center, Drew to second. Loney grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Drew scored on error by shortstop Renteria, Martinez safe at second on error by shortstop Renteria. Villarreal pitching for Braves. Mueller singled to left, Martinez scored, Loney to second. Alomar Jr singled to center, Loney scored, Mueller to second. Ross hit for Brazoban. Repko hit by pitch, Mueller to third, Alomar Jr to second. Ross flied out to right. Osoria pitching for Dodgers. Orr hit for Pratt. Furcal flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Top 8th. McCann hit for Villarreal. Osoria pitching for Dodgers. Orr reached on infield single to first. McCann grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Orr out at second. Giles walked. Renteria walked, Giles to second. Langerhans hit ground rule double to deep right, Giles scored, Renteria to third. Jones intentionally walked. Boyer pitching for Braves. McCann catching. Francoeur grounded into fielder's choice to second, Jones out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Boyer pitching for Braves. Cruz Jr grounded out to second. Reitsma pitching for Braves. Jordan in right field. Drew walked. Martinez popped out to third. Hamulack pitching for Dodgers. Loney flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Hamulack pitching for Dodgers. Betemit grounded out to second. LaRoche struck out swinging. Jordan grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 9th. Reitsma pitching for Braves. Mueller grounded out to first. Alomar Jr grounded out to shortstop. Repko struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 9 - Dodgers 8.	Langerhans' double lifts Braves past Dodgers