Braves - Top 1st. Moehler pitching for Marlins. Giles grounded out to shortstop. Renteria doubled to center. Jones flied out to center, Renteria to third. Jones grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Thomson pitching for Braves. Ramirez singled to center. Ramirez stole second, Ramirez safe at third on throwing error by catcher McCann. Uggla struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop, Ramirez scored. Willingham struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Braves - Top 2nd. Moehler pitching for Marlins. McCann struck out swinging. Francoeur flied out to center. LaRoche grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Thomson pitching for Braves. Borchard grounded out to second. Jacobs lined out to left. Olivo walked. Abercrombie reached on infield single to third, Olivo to second. Olivo to third on wild pitch by Thomson. Moehler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Moehler pitching for Marlins. Jordan grounded out to second. Thomson struck out swinging. Giles safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Cabrera. Renteria struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Thomson pitching for Braves. Ramirez grounded out to third. Uggla flied out to left. Cabrera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Moehler pitching for Marlins. Jones flied out to left. Jones safe at first on error by shortstop Ramirez. McCann grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Jones out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Thomson pitching for Braves. Willingham flied out to center. Borchard grounded out to second. Jacobs singled to center. Olivo singled to right, Jacobs to second. Abercrombie flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Moehler pitching for Marlins. Francoeur singled to center. LaRoche doubled to deep right, Francoeur to third. Jordan homered to left, Francoeur and LaRoche scored. Thomson flied out to left. Giles flied out to center. Renteria grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Thomson pitching for Braves. Moehler lined out to shortstop. Ramirez popped out to catcher. Uggla walked. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to third, Uggla out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Moehler pitching for Marlins. Jones singled to center. Jones walked, Jones to second. McCann flied out to right, Jones to third. Francoeur walked, Jones to second. Wellemeyer pitching for Marlins. LaRoche singled to right, Jones and Jones scored, Francoeur to third. Jordan struck out swinging. Thomson singled to right, Francoeur scored, LaRoche to second. Giles walked, LaRoche to third, Thomson to second. Renteria singled to left, LaRoche scored, Thomson to third, Giles to second. Jones walked, Thomson scored, Giles to third, Renteria to second. Ray pitching for Braves. Jones fouled out to catcher. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Ray pitching for Braves. Willingham grounded out to shortstop. Borchard grounded out to second. German pitching for Marlins. Aguila in right field. Jacobs grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Vargas pitching for Marlins. McCann doubled to deep right center. Francoeur struck out swinging. LaRoche singled to right, McCann to third. Diaz hit for Ray. Jordan popped out to first. Diaz tripled to deep left, McCann and LaRoche scored. Giles walked. Orr at second base. Paronto pitching for Braves. Betemit at shortstop. Diaz in left field. Renteria flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Paronto pitching for Braves. Olivo struck out swinging. Abercrombie singled to right. Aguila walked, Abercrombie to second. Ramirez singled to center, Abercrombie to third, Aguila to second. Uggla hit sacrifice fly to center, Abercrombie scored. Aguila to third, Ramirez to second on wild pitch by Paronto. Amezaga at shortstop. Reed in center field. Helms at third base. Abercrombie in right field. Aguila in left field. Cabrera grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Vargas pitching for Marlins. Jones singled to left. Jones struck out swinging. Villarreal pitching for Braves. McCann grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Jones out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Treanor hit for Vargas. Villarreal pitching for Braves. Helms grounded out to shortstop. Treanor grounded out to second. Herges pitching for Marlins. Jacobs flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Herges pitching for Marlins. Francoeur grounded out to shortstop. LaRoche grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 10 - Marlins 2.	Marlins suffer team-record 11th straight loss at home