Nationals - Top 1st. Smoltz pitching for Braves. Soriano flied out to center. Byrd safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Jones. Byrd caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Vidro flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 1st. Ortiz pitching for Nationals. Giles grounded out to shortstop. Renteria reached on infield single to shortstop. Jones singled to left center, Renteria to third. Jones walked, Jones to second. McCann singled to right, Renteria scored, Jones to third, Jones to second. Francoeur grounded into fielder's choice to second, Jones scored, McCann out at second, Jones to third. LaRoche grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Smoltz pitching for Braves. Johnson struck out swinging. Guillen grounded out to shortstop. Zimmerman flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Ortiz pitching for Nationals. Langerhans flied out to left. Smoltz grounded out to shortstop. Giles grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Smoltz pitching for Braves. LeCroy grounded out to second. Clayton struck out swinging. Ortiz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Ortiz pitching for Nationals. Renteria safe at first on error by shortstop Clayton. Jones grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Renteria out at second. Jones hit by pitch. McCann singled to left, Jones to second, Jones to third on throwing error by left fielder Soriano. Francoeur flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Smoltz pitching for Braves. Soriano singled to right. Byrd grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Soriano out at second. Vidro flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Ortiz pitching for Nationals. LaRoche reached on infield single to pitcher, LaRoche to third on throwing error by pitcher Ortiz. Langerhans singled to right, LaRoche scored. Smoltz sacrificed to pitcher, Langerhans to second. Giles grounded out to shortstop, Langerhans to third. Renteria fouled out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 5th. Smoltz pitching for Braves. Johnson doubled to deep center. Guillen flied out to center. Zimmerman homered to left, Johnson scored. LeCroy grounded out to third. Clayton grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Ortiz pitching for Nationals. Jones walked. Jones stole second. Jones grounded out to third. McCann intentionally walked. Francoeur grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, McCann out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Smoltz pitching for Braves. Ortiz bunt grounded out to pitcher. Soriano struck out swinging. Byrd struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Ortiz pitching for Nationals. LaRoche struck out swinging. Langerhans flied out to center. Smoltz lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Smoltz pitching for Braves. Vidro popped out to shortstop. Johnson walked. Guillen struck out swinging. Zimmerman grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Johnson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Ortiz pitching for Nationals. Giles doubled to center. Renteria sacrificed to pitcher, Giles to third. Jones intentionally walked. Bergmann pitching for Nationals. Jones singled to center, Giles scored, Jones to third. McCann walked, Jones to second. Francoeur singled to left, Jones and Jones scored, McCann to second, McCann to third, Francoeur to first on error by left fielder Soriano.J Francoeur out at second. LaRoche grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 8th. Smoltz pitching for Braves. LeCroy grounded out to second. Anderson hit for Bergmann. Clayton struck out swinging. Anderson doubled to deep right. Rodriguez pitching for Nationals. Soriano grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Rodriguez pitching for Nationals. Langerhans struck out swinging. Smoltz grounded out to second. Giles singled to center. Giles stole second. Renteria grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Smoltz pitching for Braves. Byrd grounded out to first. Vidro grounded out to shortstop. Johnson lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 2 - Braves 6.	Smoltz tosses four-hitter as errors dog Nats