Nationals - Top 1st. Thomson pitching for Braves. Soriano grounded out to third. Vidro grounded out to pitcher. Johnson walked. Guillen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Armas pitching for Nationals. Giles struck out swinging. Renteria bunt grounded out to pitcher. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Thomson pitching for Braves. Church struck out swinging. Zimmerman singled to right center. Gonzalez singled to left, Zimmerman to second. Clayton grounded out to third, Zimmerman to third, Gonzalez to second. Armas Jr grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Armas pitching for Nationals. Jones flied out to center. McCann struck out swinging. Francoeur reached on infield single to shortstop. Francoeur caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. LaRoche batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Thomson pitching for Braves. Soriano homered to left. Vidro flied out to center. Johnson grounded out to third. Guillen grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Armas pitching for Nationals. LaRoche grounded out to pitcher. Langerhans grounded out to second. Thomson singled to center. Giles walked, Thomson to second. Renteria singled to right, Thomson to third, Giles to second. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Thomson pitching for Braves. Church lined out to left. Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez singled to center. Clayton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Armas pitching for Nationals. Jones struck out swinging. McCann flied out to left. Francoeur grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Thomson pitching for Braves. Armas Jr grounded out to second. Soriano flied out to center. Vidro singled to center. Johnson safe at first on error by first baseman LaRoche, Vidro to second. Guillen doubled to right, Vidro scored, Johnson to third. Church singled to right, Johnson and Guillen scored. Church stole second. Zimmerman singled to left, Church scored. Zimmerman caught stealing second, catcher to second. Gonzalez batting. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 5th. Armas pitching for Nationals. LaRoche popped out to shortstop. Orr hit for Thomson. Langerhans lined out to right. Moylan pitching for Braves. Atlanta's Manager Cox ejected by Carlson in the 6th. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Moylan pitching for Braves. Gonzalez singled to left. Clayton doubled to right, Gonzalez to third. Armas Jr struck out swinging. Soriano singled to right, Gonzalez and Clayton scored, Soriano to second advancing on throw. McBride pitching for Braves. Vidro walked. Johnson singled to left, Soriano scored, Vidro to second. Guillen grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Johnson out at second, Vidro to third. Church struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Armas pitching for Nationals. Giles grounded out to shortstop. Renteria flied out to left. Jones popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. McBride pitching for Braves. Zimmerman grounded out to second. Gonzalez flied out to right. Clayton tripled to deep right. Armas Jr grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Armas pitching for Nationals. Jones walked. McCann flied out to center. Francoeur grounded into fielder's choice to first, Jones out at second. Remlinger pitching for Braves. Langerhans in center field. Diaz in left field. LaRoche struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Remlinger pitching for Braves. Soriano reached on infield single to pitcher. Vidro struck out swinging. Johnson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Soriano out at second. Majewski pitching for Nationals. Guillen grounded into fielder's choice to third, Johnson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Majewski pitching for Nationals. Langerhans struck out looking. Diaz singled to right. Giles flied out to right. Paronto pitching for Braves. Betemit at shortstop. Renteria flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Paronto pitching for Braves. Church flied out to center. Zimmerman struck out looking. Rodriguez pitching for Nationals. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 9th. Rodriguez pitching for Nationals. Jones flied out to center. Betemit homered to right. McCann flied out to left. Francoeur popped out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 8 - Braves 1.	Armas delivers seven strong innings as Nationals rout Braves