Braves - Top 1st. Francis pitching for Rockies. Giles grounded out to shortstop. Renteria grounded out to third. Diaz doubled to center. Jones hit ground rule double to deep left, Diaz scored. Francoeur singled to center, Jones scored. Aybar grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Davies pitching for Braves. Matsui reached on infield single to second. Salazar singled to left, Matsui to second. Atkins flied out to left, Matsui to third. Holliday grounded into double play, second to first, Salazar out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Francis pitching for Rockies. LaRoche doubled to deep right. Pratt struck out swinging. Davies grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, LaRoche out at third. Giles grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Davies pitching for Braves. Helton singled to center. Baker singled to left, Helton to second. Tulowitzki doubled to deep center, Helton scored, Baker to third. Iannetta walked. Francis singled to center, Baker and Tulowitzki scored, Iannetta to second. Matsui sacrificed to first, Iannetta to third, Francis to second. Salazar struck out swinging. Atkins flied out to right. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Francis pitching for Rockies. Renteria grounded out to third. Diaz lined out to shortstop. Jones homered to left. Francoeur grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Davies pitching for Braves. Holliday homered to right. Helton singled to left center. Baker doubled to deep left center, Helton scored. Tulowitzki singled to center, Baker scored. Iannetta singled to right, Tulowitzki to second. Francis sacrificed to catcher, Tulowitzki to third, Iannetta to second. Barry pitching for Braves. Matsui tripled to deep right center, Tulowitzki and Iannetta scored. Salazar doubled to deep right, Matsui scored. Atkins popped out to second. Holliday struck out looking. 6 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Francis pitching for Rockies. Aybar struck out looking. LaRoche singled to center. Prado hit for Barry. Pratt doubled to deep right, LaRoche to third. Prado singled to center, LaRoche scored, Pratt to third. Ray pitching for Braves. Prado at second base. Giles grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Prado out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Ray pitching for Braves. Helton grounded out to second. Baker struck out looking. Tulowitzki walked. Iannetta grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Francis pitching for Rockies. Renteria walked. Diaz singled to right, Renteria to second. Jones walked, Renteria to third, Diaz to second. Francoeur grounded into double play, third to second to first, Renteria scored, Jones out at second, Diaz to third. Aybar walked. Freeman hit for Francis. LaRoche grounded into fielder's choice to second, Aybar out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Ray pitching for Braves. Freeman walked. Freeman stole second. Matsui walked. Freeman caught stealing third, catcher to shortstop to third to second. Matsui stole second, Matsui safe at third on throwing error by catcher Pratt. Salazar singled to right, Matsui scored. Salazar stole second. Atkins struck out swinging. Holliday walked. Devine pitching for Braves. Helton walked, Salazar to third, Holliday to second. Mesa pitching for Rockies. Baker popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Braves - Top 6th. Mesa pitching for Rockies. Pratt singled to left. Ward hit for Devine. Prado grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Pratt out at second. Moylan pitching for Braves. Ward grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Moylan pitching for Braves. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. Iannetta struck out swinging. Mesa grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Mesa pitching for Rockies. Renteria grounded out to shortstop. Diaz struck out swinging. Jones homered to left. Francoeur popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Moylan pitching for Braves. Matsui flied out to center. Salazar grounded out to pitcher. Atkins grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Mesa pitching for Rockies. Aybar singled to right. Martin pitching for Rockies. LaRoche struck out swinging. Pratt doubled to deep left, Aybar to third. Jones hit for Moylan. Affeldt pitching for Rockies. Sullivan in center field. Prado walked. Field pitching for Rockies. Jones struck out swinging. Renteria singled to center, Aybar and Pratt scored, Prado to third. Corpas pitching for Rockies. McBride pitching for Braves. Diaz grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Renteria out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. McBride pitching for Braves. Holliday grounded out to second. Helton flied out to left. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. Hawpe in right field. Baker grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. Jones singled to center. Francoeur struck out swinging. Aybar doubled to deep right, Jones scored. LaRoche struck out swinging. Pratt struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 9 - Rockies 10.	Rockies youngsters build lead, hang on against Braves