Mets - Top 1st . Jurrjens pitching for Braves . Nieuwenhuis lined out to center . Murphy grounded out to second . Wright grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Dickey pitching for Mets . Bourn struck out swinging . Prado grounded out to second . Heyward struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . Jurrjens pitching for Braves . Davis homered to right ( 422 feet ) . Bay walked . Duda singled to center , Bay to second . Thole struck out swinging . Bay stole third . Cedeno grounded into double play , third to second to first , Duda out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Dickey pitching for Mets . Uggla grounded out to second . Freeman doubled to right . Francisco homered to center ( 421 feet ) , Freeman scored . Ross grounded out to pitcher . Pastornicky struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Jurrjens pitching for Braves . Dickey grounded out to third . Nieuwenhuis walked . Nieuwenhuis stole second . Murphy walked . Wright doubled to deep center , Nieuwenhuis and Murphy scored . Davis reached on infield single to second , Wright tagged out at home . Bay walked , Davis to second . Duda struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Dickey pitching for Mets . Jurrjens singled to right . Bourn singled to left , Jurrjens to second . Prado doubled to left , Jurrjens and Bourn scored . Heyward lined out to first . Uggla homered to left ( 394 feet ) , Prado scored . Freeman struck out swinging . Francisco fouled out to third . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Jurrjens pitching for Braves . Thole flied out to center . Cedeno flied out to center . Dickey grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Dickey pitching for Mets . Ross singled to center . Pastornicky grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ross out at second . Jurrjens sacrificed to pitcher , Pastornicky to second . Bourn walked . Prado flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Jurrjens pitching for Braves . Nieuwenhuis doubled to left . Murphy singled to center , Nieuwenhuis to third . Wright reached on infield single to second , Nieuwenhuis scored , Murphy to second , Murphy to third on throwing error by second baseman Uggla . Martinez pitching for Braves . Davis grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Murphy out at home , Wright to second . Bay lined out to left . Duda grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 5th . Dickey pitching for Mets . Heyward struck out swinging . Uggla walked . Freeman homered to left ( 376 feet ) , Uggla scored . Batista pitching for Mets . Francisco struck out swinging . Ross struck out looking . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . Martinez pitching for Braves . Thole doubled to deep center . Cedeno grounded out to third . Baxter hit for Batista . Baxter singled to right , Thole to third . Nieuwenhuis singled to right , Thole scored , Baxter to second . Murphy grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Nieuwenhuis out at second , Baxter to third . Wright struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Parnell pitching for Mets . Pastornicky reached on infield single to shortstop , Pastornicky to second on throwing error by shortstop Cedeno . Jones hit for Martinez . Jones doubled to deep left , Pastornicky scored . Bourn singled to right , Jones scored . Prado struck out looking . Heyward struck out swinging , Bourn stole second . Uggla struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Top 7th . Durbin pitching for Braves . Davis struck out swinging . Bay singled to left . Duda singled to left , Bay to second . Thole grounded out to pitcher , Bay to third , Duda to second . Cedeno walked . Hairston hit for Parnell . Hairston struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Byrdak pitching for Mets . Freeman struck out swinging . Francisco struck out swinging . Ross walked . Pastornicky singled to right , Ross to second . Diaz hit for Durbin . Diaz singled to right , Ross scored , Pastornicky to third . Bourn reached on infield single to pitcher , Pastornicky scored , Diaz to second . Rauch pitching for Mets . Prado lined out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Hernandez pitching for Braves . Nieuwenhuis doubled to deep right center . Murphy singled to right , Nieuwenhuis scored . Wright flied out to center . Davis lined out to shortstop . Bay grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Murphy out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Francisco pitching for Mets . Heyward tripled to right . Uggla grounded out to second . Freeman hit sacrifice fly to center , Heyward scored . Francisco doubled to deep right . Ross doubled to left , Francisco scored . Pastornicky grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 9th . Hernandez pitching for Braves . Duda flied out to center . Nickeas hit for Thole . Nickeas flied out to center . Cedeno flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 6 - Braves 14 .	Braves rip three homers , hang 14 on Mets