Phillies - Top 1st . Hanson pitching for Braves . Rollins popped out to shortstop . Polanco singled to shallow center . Victorino struck out swinging . Pence flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Halladay pitching for Phillies . Bourn lined out to first . Prado singled to right . Freeman singled to right , Prado to second . McCann grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Freeman out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Hanson pitching for Braves . Wigginton walked . Nix singled to center , Wigginton to second . Ruiz grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Nix out at second , Wigginton to third . Galvis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Halladay pitching for Phillies . Uggla struck out swinging . Jones grounded out to second . Hinske grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Hanson pitching for Braves . Halladay grounded out to third . Rollins singled to right . Polanco singled to shallow left , Rollins to third . Victorino singled to right , Rollins scored , Polanco to third . Victorino stole second . Pence walked . Wigginton fouled out to third . Nix doubled to deep right , Polanco , Victorino and Pence scored . Ruiz hit by pitch . Galvis flied out to center . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Halladay pitching for Phillies . Pastornicky struck out swinging . Hanson struck out looking . Bourn grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Hanson pitching for Braves . Halladay struck out looking . Rollins flied out to center . Polanco singled to shallow left . Victorino singled to right , Polanco to second . Martinez pitching for Braves . Pence grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Victorino out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Halladay pitching for Phillies . Prado grounded out to shortstop . Freeman grounded out to second . McCann singled to center . Uggla struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Martinez pitching for Braves . Wigginton singled to left . Nix flied out to left . Ruiz doubled to deep center , Wigginton scored . Galvis doubled to deep center , Ruiz scored . Halladay grounded out to second , Galvis to third . Rollins grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Halladay pitching for Phillies . Jones singled to center . Hinske singled to left , Jones to second . Pastornicky singled to center , Jones to third , Hinske to second . Francisco hit for Martinez . Francisco popped out to third . Bourn singled to right , Jones scored , Hinske to third , Pastornicky to second . Prado reached on infield single to third , Hinske scored , Pastornicky to third , Bourn to second . Freeman popped out to second . McCann homered to right ( 390 feet ) , Pastornicky , Bourn and Prado scored . Uggla struck out looking . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Hernandez pitching for Braves . Polanco fouled out to first . Victorino grounded out to shortstop . Pence grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Halladay pitching for Phillies . Jones grounded out to first . Hinske singled to right . Pastornicky doubled to right , Hinske to third . Heyward hit for Hernandez . Heyward singled to right , Hinske and Pastornicky scored . Savery pitching for Phillies . Bourn struck out swinging . Heyward caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . O'Flaherty pitching for Braves . Heyward in right field . Wigginton walked . Mayberry Jr. hit for Nix . Mayberry Jr. singled to right , Wigginton to second . Ruiz homered to left ( 402 feet ) , Wigginton and Mayberry Jr. scored . Galvis struck out swinging . Kratz hit for Savery . Kratz grounded out to third . Rollins flied out to center . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Mayberry Jr. in left field . Bastardo pitching for Phillies . Prado flied out to left . Freeman flied out to left . McCann flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Medlen pitching for Braves . Polanco grounded out to pitcher . Victorino grounded out to second . Pence reached on infield single to second . Wigginton reached on infield single to shortstop , Pence to second . Mayberry Jr. walked , Pence to third , Wigginton to second . Ruiz doubled to right , Pence , Wigginton and Mayberry Jr. scored . Galvis flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Contreras pitching for Phillies . Uggla singled to right . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Uggla safe at second on error by shortstop Rollins . Diaz hit for Medlen . Diaz struck out swinging . Pastornicky singled to center , Uggla scored , Jones to second . Heyward walked , Jones to third , Pastornicky to second . Schwimer pitching for Phillies . Bourn walked , Jones scored , Pastornicky to third , Heyward to second . Prado singled to center , Pastornicky and Heyward scored , Bourn to third . Freeman hit sacrifice fly to left , Bourn scored . McCann flied out to center . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 9th . Wilson at shortstop . Kimbrel pitching for Braves . Pierre hit for Schwimer . Pierre walked . Pierre stole second . Rollins struck out looking . Polanco grounded out to shortstop , Pierre to third . Victorino reached on infield single to shortstop , Pierre scored . Pence struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 9th . Sanches pitching for Phillies . Uggla flied out to center . Jones singled to right . Wilson singled to left , Jones to second . Ross hit for Kimbrel . Ross struck out swinging . Heyward walked , Jones to third , Wilson to second . Bourn flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 10th . Venters pitching for Braves . Wigginton struck out looking . Mayberry Jr. struck out swinging . Ruiz grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 10th . Sanches pitching for Phillies . Prado grounded out to shortstop . Freeman struck out swinging . McCann flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 11th . Durbin pitching for Braves . Galvis bunt grounded out to pitcher . Sanches struck out swinging . Rollins grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 11th . Sanches pitching for Phillies . Uggla singled to left . Jones homered to right center ( 424 feet ) , Uggla scored . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 13 - Braves 15 .	Jones ' walk - off blast lifts Braves to wild win