Braves - Top 1st . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Prado hit ground rule double to right . Johnson grounded out to second , Prado to third . Heyward struck out swinging . Jones flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Medlen pitching for Braves . Werth grounded out to shortstop . Harper grounded out to second . Zimmerman singled to right . Morse struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Freeman struck out swinging . Ross grounded out to shortstop . Pastornicky grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Medlen pitching for Braves . LaRoche struck out looking . Desmond singled to right . Espinosa reached on infield single to catcher , Desmond to second , Desmond to third on throwing error by catcher Ross . Suzuki grounded into double play , second to first , Espinosa out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Top 3rd . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Janish struck out swinging . Medlen popped out to first . Prado lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Medlen pitching for Braves . Detwiler struck out swinging . Werth grounded out to shortstop . Harper fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Johnson singled to left . Heyward reached on infield single to second , Johnson to second . Jones grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Heyward out at second , Johnson to third . Freeman lined out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Medlen pitching for Braves . Zimmerman flied out to right . Morse grounded out to shortstop . LaRoche singled to center . Desmond struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Ross singled to center . Pastornicky grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Ross out at second . Janish struck out swinging . Medlen walked , Pastornicky to second . Prado doubled to deep center , Pastornicky and Medlen scored . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Medlen pitching for Braves . Espinosa struck out looking . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Detwiler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Heyward singled to right . Jones singled to right , Heyward to second . Freeman lined out to center , Heyward to third . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Ross grounded into double play , third to second to first , Jones out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Medlen pitching for Braves . Werth doubled to deep left center . Harper struck out swinging . Zimmerman singled to center , Werth to third . Morse walked , Zimmerman to second . LaRoche fouled out to first . Desmond grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Morse out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Pastornicky grounded out to third . Janish struck out swinging . Medlen grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Prado at second base . Johnson in left field . Bourn in center field . Medlen pitching for Braves . Espinosa flied out to left . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Lombardozzi hit for Stammen . Lombardozzi singled to center . Werth grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Gorzelanny pitching for Nationals . Prado struck out looking . Johnson struck out swinging . Heyward grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . O'Flaherty pitching for Braves . Harper singled to left , Harper to second on error by left fielder Johnson . Zimmerman grounded out to second , Harper to third . Morse singled to left , Harper scored . Bernadina ran for Morse . LaRoche walked , Bernadina to second . Desmond grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , LaRoche out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Top 9th . Bernadina in left field . Gorzelanny pitching for Nationals . Jones safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Zimmerman . Freeman doubled to deep right , Jones to third . Ross hit sacrifice fly to center , Jones scored , Freeman to third . Bourn singled to center , Freeman scored . Bourn to second on wild pitch by Gorzelanny . Bourn stole third . Bourn scored on throwing error by catcher Suzuki . Janish grounded out to third . Uggla hit for O'Flaherty . Uggla struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Kimbrel pitching for Braves . Espinosa struck out swinging . Suzuki struck out swinging . Tracy hit for Gorzelanny . Tracy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 5 - Nationals 1 .	Braves halt Nationals ' 3 - game win streak