Tigers - Top 1st. Odorizzi pitching for Rays. Kinsler struck out swinging. Maybin singled to right. Cabrera grounded into double play, third to second to first, Maybin out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 1st. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Forsythe doubled to deep right, Forsythe to third on error by right fielder Moya. Miller lined out to first. Longoria walked. Morrison hit sacrifice fly to left, Forsythe scored. Longoria to second on wild pitch by Zimmermann. Guyer grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 2nd. Odorizzi pitching for Rays. Martínez walked. Castellanos lined out to left. Upton struck out looking. Moya struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 2nd. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Dickerson struck out swinging. Jennings doubled to deep left center. Arcia reached on infield single to third, Jennings to third. Conger grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Arcia out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Odorizzi pitching for Rays. Saltalamacchia lined out to left. Iglesias grounded out to third. Kinsler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 3rd. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Forsythe grounded out to shortstop. Miller struck out swinging. Longoria doubled to deep left center. Morrison walked. Guyer singled to center, Longoria scored, Morrison to second. Dickerson reached on infield single to shortstop, Morrison to third, Guyer to second. Franklin hit for Jennings. Franklin doubled to left, Morrison, Guyer and Dickerson scored. Arcia struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Guyer in center field. Franklin in right field. Odorizzi pitching for Rays. Maybin struck out swinging. Cabrera struck out swinging. Martínez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 4th. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Conger grounded out to first. Forsythe singled to left. Miller grounded out to first, Forsythe to second. Longoria flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Odorizzi pitching for Rays. Castellanos walked. Upton flied out to center. Moya grounded into double play, second to first. Castellanos out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 5th. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Morrison flied out to right. Guyer grounded out to third. Dickerson singled to left. Dickerson to second on wild pitch by Zimmermann. Franklin flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Odorizzi pitching for Rays. Saltalamacchia walked. Iglesias singled to right, Saltalamacchia to second. Saltalamacchia to third, Iglesias to second on wild pitch by Odorizzi. Kinsler singled to center, Saltalamacchia scored, Iglesias to third. Andriese pitching for Rays. Maybin hit sacrifice fly to right, Iglesias scored. Cabrera grounded into double play, third to second to first, Kinsler out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 6th. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Arcia grounded out to second. Conger popped out to second. Forsythe grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Andriese pitching for Rays. Martínez flied out to right. Castellanos flied out to right. Upton grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 7th. Sánchez pitching for Tigers. Miller grounded out to pitcher. Longoria doubled to left. Morrison popped out to third. Longoria to third on wild pitch by Sánchez. Guyer grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Andriese pitching for Rays. Moya popped out to shortstop. Saltalamacchia flied out to left. Iglesias doubled to left. Kinsler grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 8th. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Dickerson struck out swinging. Franklin flied out to center. Arcia singled to right. Arcia stole second. Conger doubled to left center, Arcia scored. Forsythe singled to right center, Conger scored. Miller struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Garton pitching for Rays. Maybin singled to right. Cabrera singled to center, Maybin to third. Martínez singled to right center, Maybin scored, Cabrera to second. Castellanos singled to left, Cabrera to third, Martínez to second. Ramírez pitching for Rays. Upton singled to center, Cabrera scored, Martínez to third, Castellanos to second. Moya hit sacrifice fly to right, Martínez scored. Saltalamacchia singled to center, Castellanos scored, Upton to third. Romine ran for Saltalamacchia. Romine stole second. Iglesias walked. Kinsler walked, Upton scored, Romine to third, Iglesias to second. Maybin doubled to center, Romine, Iglesias and Kinsler scored. Farquhar pitching for Rays. Cabrera lined out to left, Maybin to third. Martínez grounded out to first. 8 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 9th. McCann catching. Aviles in right field. Romine at third base. Rodríguez pitching for Tigers. Longoria singled to left. Morrison flied out to left. Guyer grounded into double play, third to second to first, Longoria out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 10 - Rays 7.	Rally cats! Tigers use 8-run 9th to beat Rays