White Sox - Top 1st . Santana pitching for Twins . Erstad singled to center . Iguchi flied out to right . Thome struck out swinging . Dye singled to left , Erstad to second . Konerko struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Castillo reached on infield single to shortstop . Punto reached on bunt single to third , Castillo to second . Cuddyer struck out swinging . Morneau popped out to third . Hunter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Santana pitching for Twins . Pierzynski grounded out to third . Crede struck out swinging . Uribe flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Redmond grounded out to third . Kubel struck out looking . Bartlett hit by pitch . Bartlett stole second . Tyner singled to center , Bartlett scored . Castillo walked . Punto singled to right , Tyner scored , Castillo to second . Cuddyer singled to right , Castillo scored , Punto to third . Morneau popped out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 3rd . Santana pitching for Twins . Terrero homered to left . Erstad grounded out to shortstop . Iguchi flied out to center . Thome struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Hunter struck out swinging . Redmond grounded out to third . Kubel doubled to deep right center . Bartlett grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Santana pitching for Twins . Dye struck out swinging . Konerko homered to left center . Pierzynski grounded out to second . Crede grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Tyner walked . Castillo grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Tyner out at second . Punto grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Castillo out at second . Punto stole second . Cuddyer flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Santana pitching for Twins . Uribe flied out to center . Terrero grounded out to third . Erstad grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Morneau flied out to center . Hunter singled to right center . Hunter caught stealing second , pitcher to shortstop . Redmond hit by pitch . Kubel grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Santana pitching for Twins . Iguchi struck out swinging . Thome walked . Dye doubled to deep right center , Thome to third . Konerko singled to left center , Thome and Dye scored . Pierzynski grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Konerko out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Bartlett singled to left . Tyner singled to center , Bartlett to second . Castillo sacrificed to third , Bartlett to third , Tyner to second . Punto reached on infield single to first , Bartlett scored , Tyner to third . Punto stole second . Logan pitching for White Sox . Cuddyer walked . Aardsma pitching for White Sox . Morneau grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Tyner out at home , Punto to third , Cuddyer to second . Hunter reached on infield single to shortstop , Punto scored , Cuddyer to third , Morneau to second . Redmond doubled to deep center , Cuddyer , Morneau and Hunter scored . Kubel struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Santana pitching for Twins . Crede flied out to right . Uribe flied out to left . Terrero singled to center . Erstad struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Aardsma pitching for White Sox . Bartlett flied out to center . Tyner grounded out to shortstop . Castillo walked . Punto walked , Castillo to second . Cuddyer walked , Castillo to third , Punto to second . Morneau struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Santana pitching for Twins . Iguchi grounded out to shortstop . Thome flied out to center . Day pitching for White Sox . Dye flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Day pitching for White Sox . Hunter singled to center . Redmond reached on infield single to second , Hunter to second . Hunter stole third , Hunter scored , Redmond safe at second on throwing error by catcher Pierzynski . Kubel doubled to deep right , Redmond scored . Bartlett fouled out to first . Rodriguez hit for Castillo . Tyner reached on infield single to second , Kubel to third . Rodriguez at second base . Miller pitching for Twins . Rodriguez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Tyner out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 9th . Hall hit for Pierzynski . Miller pitching for Twins . Konerko flied out to center . Gonzalez hit for Crede . Hall lined out to left . Gonzalez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 4 - Twins 10 .	Pierzynski riles Twins , who rip ChiSox