Marlins - Top 1st . Danks pitching for White Sox . Amezaga doubled to left . Uggla doubled to deep center , Amezaga scored . Uggla stole third . Ramirez homered to left , Uggla scored . Cabrera struck out swinging . Willingham struck out swinging . Boone singled to left center . Olivo popped out to first . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Willis pitching for Marlins . Gonzalez walked . Iguchi grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gonzalez out at second . Konerko singled to right , Iguchi to second . Dye singled to left center , Iguchi scored , Konerko to third . Fields homered to center , Konerko and Dye scored . Terrero lined out to center . Uribe walked . Cintron walked , Uribe to second . Hall grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Uribe out at third , Cintron to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Wood struck out swinging . Carroll struck out swinging . Obermueller pitching for Marlins . Amezaga struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Obermueller pitching for Marlins . Gonzalez safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Cabrera . Iguchi grounded out to second , Gonzalez to third . Konerko hit sacrifice fly to right , Gonzalez scored . Dye flied out to right . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 3rd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Uggla grounded out to second . Ramirez flied out to right . Cabrera walked . Willingham struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Obermueller pitching for Marlins . Fields flied out to right . Terrero hit by pitch . Uribe struck out swinging . Terrero caught stealing second , catcher to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Boone singled to left . Olivo singled to left , Boone to second . Wood singled to left , Boone to third , Olivo to second . Carroll grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Boone out at home , Olivo to third , Wood to second . Amezaga grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Olivo scored , Carroll out at second , Wood to third . Amezaga stole second . Uggla struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Obermueller pitching for Marlins . Cintron lined out to shortstop . Hall lined out to right . Pierzynski catching . Gonzalez lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Aardsma pitching for White Sox . Ramirez hit ground rule double to deep right center . Cabrera lined out to second . Willingham flied out to center . Boone flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Obermueller pitching for Marlins . Iguchi singled to right . Konerko walked , Iguchi to second . Miller pitching for Marlins . Dye grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Konerko out at second , Iguchi to third . Fields struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Aardsma pitching for White Sox . Olivo popped out to shortstop . Wood singled to center . Carroll singled to left , Wood to second . Amezaga singled to center , Wood to third , Carroll to second . Uggla struck out swinging . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Amezaga out at second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Miller pitching for Marlins . Terrero grounded out to third . Uribe struck out swinging . Bukvich pitching for White Sox . Cintron fouled out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Bukvich pitching for White Sox . Cabrera flied out to center . Willingham homered to center . Boone flied out to center . Lindstrom pitching for Marlins . Olivo lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Lindstrom pitching for Marlins . Pierzynski singled to right . Gonzalez singled to right , Pierzynski to second . Iguchi struck out swinging . Konerko flied out to center , Pierzynski to third . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Dye popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Wood struck out swinging . Carroll grounded out to second . Benitez pitching for Marlins . Amezaga grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Mackowiak hit for Terrero . Benitez pitching for Marlins . Fields struck out looking . Mackowiak lined out to right . Gonzalez in center field . Mackowiak in left field . Uribe flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Uggla homered to left . Ramirez singled to left . Masset pitching for White Sox . Cabrera singled to right , Ramirez to third . Willingham struck out swinging . Boone hit sacrifice fly to center , Ramirez scored . Gregg pitching for Marlins . Olivo grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cabrera out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Gregg pitching for Marlins . Cintron struck out swinging . Owens hit for Gonzalez . Pierzynski grounded out to second . Owens lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 7 - White Sox 5 .	Willis out after one but Uggla HR picks up Marlins