Blue Jays - Top 1st . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Johnson lined out to third . Rios reached on infield single to pitcher . Glaus popped out to shortstop . Wells struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Owens struck out swinging . Fields walked . Thome singled to right , Fields to second . Konerko grounded into double play , third to second to first , Thome out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Thomas struck out swinging . Hill doubled to left . Overbay struck out swinging . Zaun flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Pierzynski grounded out to shortstop . Dye singled to center . Podsednik grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Dye out at second . Uribe grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Podsednik safe at second on error by shortstop McDonald . Richar reached on infield single to shortstop , Podsednik out at home , Uribe to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . McDonald grounded out to pitcher . Johnson singled to right . Rios grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Johnson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Owens grounded out to first . Fields grounded out to second . Thome struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Glaus struck out swinging . Wells singled to center . Thomas grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Wells out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Konerko singled to center . Pierzynski struck out swinging . Dye struck out swinging . Podsednik singled to left , Konerko to second . Uribe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Hill walked . Overbay lined into double play , shortstop to first , Hill out at first . Zaun grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Richar flied out to center . Owens singled to left center . Owens stole second . Fields flied out to center , Owens to third . Thome struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . McDonald singled to center , McDonald out at second . Johnson singled to right center . Rios lined out to third . Glaus struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Konerko safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Glaus . Pierzynski singled to left center , Konerko to second . Dye grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Pierzynski out at second , Konerko to third . Podsednik grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Wells singled to center . Thomas singled to left , Wells to second . Hill flied out to left , Wells to third . Overbay struck out swinging . Zaun grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Uribe fouled out to third . Richar singled to left . Owens homered to right , Richar scored . Fields grounded out to third . Thome flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . McDonald lined out to center . Johnson singled to center . Rios grounded out to pitcher , Johnson to second . Glaus grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Konerko singled to left . Pierzynski flied out to center . Dye walked , Konerko to second . Podsednik flied out to left . Uribe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Jenks pitching for White Sox . Wells grounded out to third . Thomas struck out swinging . Hill grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 0 - White Sox 2 .	Buehrle outduels Halladay as Sox blank Jays