White Sox - Top 1st . Weaver pitching for Mariners . Owens struck out swinging . Fields struck out swinging . Thome homered to left . Dye flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Danks pitching for White Sox . Suzuki struck out swinging . Vidro flied out to center . Guillen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Weaver pitching for Mariners . Pierzynski singled to left center . Erstad singled to center , Pierzynski to second . Podsednik sacrificed to catcher , Pierzynski to third , Erstad to second . Uribe hit sacrifice fly to center , Pierzynski scored , Erstad to third . Richar lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Ibanez doubled to deep right . Beltre flied out to center , Ibanez to third . Sexson walked . Johjima grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Sexson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Weaver pitching for Mariners . Owens grounded out to second . Fields struck out swinging . Thome flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Lopez singled to left . Betancourt grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lopez out at second . Suzuki grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Weaver pitching for Mariners . Dye popped out to second . Pierzynski homered to right . Erstad reached on infield single to shortstop . Podsednik struck out swinging . Uribe flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Vidro singled to center . Guillen grounded out to pitcher , Vidro to second . Ibanez singled to right , Vidro scored . Beltre singled to left , Ibanez to second . Sexson flied out to right . Johjima grounded out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Weaver pitching for Mariners . Richar grounded out to second . Owens flied out to center . Fields popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Lopez singled to center . Betancourt singled to left , Lopez to second . Suzuki sacrificed to first , Lopez to third , Betancourt to second . Vidro flied out to right . Guillen singled to left , Lopez and Betancourt scored . Ibanez flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Weaver pitching for Mariners . Thome flied out to left . Dye flied out to center . Pierzynski struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Beltre singled to center . Wassermann pitching for White Sox . Sexson doubled to deep left , Beltre to third . Johjima singled to center , Beltre scored , Sexson scored , Johjima to third on throwing error by center fielder Owens . Lopez grounded out to third . Betancourt grounded out to third . Suzuki intentionally walked . Vidro singled to right , Johjima scored , Suzuki to second . Guillen safe at first on error by third baseman Fields , Suzuki to third , Vidro to second . Suzuki scored , Vidro to third , Guillen to second on wild pitch by Wassermann . Ibanez intentionally walked . Beltre struck out looking . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Weaver pitching for Mariners . Erstad grounded out to second . Podsednik flied out to center . Uribe popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Sexson struck out swinging . Johjima popped out to shortstop . Lopez fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Weaver pitching for Mariners . Richar walked . Owens flied out to right . Fields flied out to center . Sherrill pitching for Mariners . Thome homered to center , Richar scored . Green pitching for Mariners . Dye struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Betancourt singled to left . Suzuki flied out to center . Vidro flied into double play , left to first , Betancourt doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Putz pitching for Mariners . Jones in left field . Pierzynski flied out to right . Erstad walked . Podsednik grounded out to second , Erstad to second . Uribe lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 5 - Mariners 7 .	Mariners send ChiSox to seventh straight defeat