Blue Jays - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Scutaro singled to right . Hill singled to right , Scutaro to third . Lind grounded out to first , Hill to second . Rolen hit sacrifice fly to left , Scutaro scored . Wells grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Suzuki singled to left . Gutierrez singled to center , Suzuki to second . Griffey Jr grounded out to first , Suzuki to third , Gutierrez to second . Shelton grounded out to shortstop , Suzuki scored . Hannahan grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Overbay homered to center . Rios fouled out to catcher . Barajas flied out to left . Inglett grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Johnson singled to left . Woodward flied out to right . Saunders grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Johnson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Scutaro singled to left . Hill struck out swinging . Lind grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Scutaro safe at second on error by shortstop Cedeno . Lind picked off first . Rolen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Cedeno struck out looking . Suzuki flied out to left . Gutierrez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Wells grounded out to third . Overbay grounded out to third . Rios grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Griffey Jr singled to right . Shelton singled to left , Griffey Jr to second . Hannahan grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Shelton out at second , Griffey Jr to third . Johnson singled to shallow left , Griffey Jr scored , Hannahan to second . Woodward lined into double play , third to second , Hannahan doubled off second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Barajas homered to left . Inglett flied out to left . Scutaro singled to left . Scutaro caught stealing second , catcher to second . Hill grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Saunders reached on bunt single to third . Cedeno fouled out to second . Suzuki singled to left , Saunders to second . Gutierrez singled to left , Saunders scored , Suzuki to second . Griffey Jr struck out swinging . Shelton singled to left , Suzuki scored , Gutierrez to third . Hannahan grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Lind popped out to third . Rolen grounded out to third . Wells singled to left . Overbay walked , Wells to second . Rios singled to left , Wells scored , Overbay to third , Rios to second advancing on throw . Barajas reached on infield single to shortstop , Overbay scored , Rios to third . Inglett singled to right , Rios scored , Barajas to second . Scutaro singled to left , Barajas scored , Inglett to third . White pitching for Mariners . Hill grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Scutaro out at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Johnson walked . Woodward grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Johnson out at second . Saunders struck out swinging . Cedeno grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . White pitching for Mariners . Lind safe at third on error by center fielder Gutierrez . Rolen hit sacrifice fly to center , Lind scored . Wells doubled to deep left . Overbay grounded out to first , Wells to third . Rios flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Carlson pitching for Blue Jays . Suzuki singled to left . Gutierrez struck out swinging . Griffey Jr flied out to center . Shelton walked , Suzuki to second . Hannahan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . White pitching for Mariners . Barajas singled to left . Inglett singled to right , Barajas to second . Scutaro flied out to center . Hill walked , Barajas to third , Inglett to second . Barajas scored , Inglett to third , Hill to second on passed ball by Johnson . Lind hit sacrifice fly to left , Inglett scored . Rolen doubled to left , Hill scored . Wells flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Downs pitching for Blue Jays . Johnson grounded out to first . Woodward struck out swinging . Saunders struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Aardsma pitching for Mariners . Overbay walked . Rios struck out looking . Barajas flied out to left . Inglett popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Hayhurst pitching for Blue Jays . Cedeno flied out to right . Suzuki flied out to left . Gutierrez singled to left . Griffey Jr popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 11 - Mariners 4 .	Blue Jays rout M 's , delay Hernandez 's 12th win