Angels - Top 1st . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Figgins grounded out to third . Abreu singled to center . Hunter safe at first on error by third baseman Bautista , Abreu to second . Guerrero grounded out to third , Abreu to third , Hunter to second . Rivera lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Bell pitching for Angels . Scutaro flied out to right . Hill lined out to center . Lind singled to left . Overbay doubled to deep center , Lind scored . Wells singled to center , Overbay scored . Ruiz walked , Wells to second . Bautista singled to left , Wells scored , Ruiz to second . Snider walked , Ruiz to third , Bautista to second . Chavez struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Napoli fouled out to first . Morales singled to left . Kendrick flied out to right . Aybar grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Morales out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Bell pitching for Angels . Scutaro walked . Hill singled to left , Scutaro to second . Lind struck out swinging . Overbay flied out to center , Scutaro to third , Hill to second . Wells intentionally walked . Ruiz doubled to right , Scutaro , Hill and Wells scored . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Bautista grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Figgins grounded out to shortstop . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . Hunter walked . Guerrero singled to center , Hunter to second . Rivera popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Snider homered to left center . Chavez grounded out to third . Scutaro singled to left . Hill grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Scutaro out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Napoli grounded out to shortstop . Morales walked . Kendrick struck out swinging . Aybar grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Morales out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Lind grounded out to second . Overbay grounded out to second . Wells grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Figgins grounded out to second . Abreu grounded out to second . Hunter lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Ruiz popped out to shortstop . Bautista grounded out to shortstop . Snider singled to center . Chavez singled to left , Snider to second . Scutaro singled to left , Snider scored , Chavez to second . Hill grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Guerrero singled to center . Rivera singled to left , Guerrero to second . Napoli grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rivera out at second , Guerrero to third . Morales singled to center , Guerrero scored , Napoli to second . Kendrick lined out to right . Aybar singled to center , Napoli scored , Morales to second . Morales to third , Aybar to second on wild pitch by Romero . Figgins struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Loux pitching for Angels . Lind singled to center . Overbay walked , Lind to second . Wells struck out swinging . Ruiz grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Overbay out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Roenicke pitching for Blue Jays . Abreu singled to right . Hunter struck out swinging . Guerrero singled to center , Abreu to second . Rivera singled to left , Abreu scored , Guerrero to second . Napoli struck out swinging . Carlson pitching for Blue Jays . Morales grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rivera out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Loux pitching for Angels . Bautista grounded out to first . Snider singled to right . Chavez grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Snider out at second , Chavez to second on throwing error by shortstop Aybar . Chavez stole third . Scutaro flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Angels - Top 8th . Carlson pitching for Blue Jays . Kendrick struck out swinging . Aybar struck out swinging . Figgins doubled to left . Abreu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Loux pitching for Angels . Hill popped out to shortstop . Lind singled to center . Overbay doubled to deep center , Lind to third . Bulger pitching for Angels . Wells walked . Ruiz grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Wells out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Janssen pitching for Blue Jays . Hunter grounded out to shortstop . Guerrero struck out swinging . Rivera grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 3 - Blue Jays 8 .	Jays , Romero extend Angels ' recent slide