Reds - Top 1st . Wells pitching for Cardinals . Hamilton lined out to shortstop . Phillips singled to left center . Phillips picked off first . Dunn walked . Griffey Jr grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Harang pitching for Reds . Eckstein flied out to left . Duncan grounded out to shortstop . Pujols flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 2nd . Wells pitching for Cardinals . Encarnacion safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Eckstein . Hatteberg flied out to center . Gonzalez homered to left , Encarnacion scored . Ross grounded out to third . Harang grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Harang pitching for Reds . Edmonds struck out swinging . Rolen singled to right . Spiezio flied out to left . Rolen caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Kennedy batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 3rd . Wells pitching for Cardinals . Hamilton popped out to shortstop . Phillips singled to right . Dunn grounded out to second , Phillips to second . Griffey Jr walked . Encarnacion hit by pitch , Phillips to third , Griffey Jr to second . Hatteberg grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Harang pitching for Reds . Kennedy walked . Molina reached on infield single to second , Kennedy to second . Wells struck out swinging . Eckstein popped out to pitcher . Duncan grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 4th . Wells pitching for Cardinals . Gonzalez doubled to left . Ross grounded out to shortstop , Gonzalez to third . Harang hit sacrifice fly to left , Gonzalez scored . Hamilton grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Harang pitching for Reds . Pujols flied out to center . Edmonds struck out swinging . Rolen hit ground rule double to right . Spiezio singled to right center , Rolen scored . Kennedy lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 5th . Wells pitching for Cardinals . Phillips popped out to second . Dunn walked . Griffey Jr homered to right , Dunn scored . Encarnacion singled to center . Hatteberg singled to right , Encarnacion to second . Gonzalez homered to left , Encarnacion and Hatteberg scored . Ross flied out to left . Harang singled to center . Johnson pitching for Cardinals . Hamilton singled to right , Harang to second . Phillips grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hamilton out at second . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Schumaker hit for Johnson . Harang pitching for Reds . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Schumaker grounded out to second . Eckstein grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 6th . Hancock pitching for Cardinals . Dunn fouled out to third . Griffey Jr struck out swinging . Encarnacion popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Harang pitching for Reds . Duncan struck out looking . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . Edmonds grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 7th . Hancock pitching for Cardinals . Hatteberg singled to left . Gonzalez flied out to left . Ross singled to center , Hatteberg to second . Harang sacrificed to pitcher , Hatteberg to third , Ross to second . Hamilton flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Harang pitching for Reds . Rolen popped out to shortstop . Spiezio struck out swinging . Kennedy fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 8th . Hancock pitching for Cardinals . Phillips grounded out to third . Dunn flied out to right . Hamilton in left field . Freel in center field . Griffey Jr flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Miles hit for Hancock . Harang pitching for Reds . Molina singled to right . Miles flied out to left . Eckstein grounded out to third , Molina to second . Stanton pitching for Reds . Duncan singled to center , Molina scored . Pujols singled to left , Duncan to second . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Spiezio at first base . Taguchi in right field . Edmonds grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Pujols out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 9th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Encarnacion grounded out to pitcher . Hatteberg singled to right center . Gonzalez singled to center , Hatteberg to second . Ross singled to left , Hatteberg scored , Gonzalez to second . Conine hit for Stanton . Conine singled to shallow left , Gonzalez scored , Ross to second . Hamilton singled to left , Ross to third , Conine to second . Phillips grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hamilton out at second . 2 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Hamilton in right field . Hopper in left field . Castro at third base . Coffey pitching for Reds . Bennett hit for Rolen . Bennett singled to right center . Spiezio singled to right , Bennett to second . Kennedy singled to right , Bennett to third , Spiezio to second . Wilson hit for Taguchi . Molina grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bennett scored , Kennedy out at second . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Reds 10 - Cardinals 3 .	Griffey tops Reggie on HR list in Reds ' win