Reds - Top 1st . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Hopper flied out to right . Hatteberg flied out to center . Griffey Jr walked . Encarnacion grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Belisle pitching for Reds . Taveras struck out looking . Matsui grounded out to first . Holliday grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 2nd . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez reached on bunt single to pitcher . Wise tripled to right , Gonzalez scored . Castro struck out swinging . Moeller sacrificed to catcher , Wise scored . Belisle singled to left . Belisle stole second . Hopper walked . Hatteberg grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Belisle pitching for Reds . Helton grounded out to first . Atkins homered to left . Hawpe lined out to second . Torrealba lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 3rd . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Griffey Jr struck out swinging . Encarnacion singled to left center . Gonzalez flied out to center . Wise flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Belisle pitching for Reds . Carroll struck out swinging . Lopez grounded out to pitcher . Taveras reached on bunt single to pitcher . Matsui singled to left center , Taveras to third , Matsui out stretching at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 4th . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Castro singled to center . Moeller grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Castro out at second . Belisle sacrificed to catcher , Moeller to second . Hopper singled to right , Moeller to third , Hopper to second advancing on throw . Hatteberg flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Belisle pitching for Reds . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . Helton grounded out to first . Atkins doubled to right . Hawpe doubled to deep right , Atkins scored . Torrealba grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 5th . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Griffey Jr flied out to center . Encarnacion singled to left . Gonzalez doubled to deep left center , Encarnacion to third . Wise intentionally walked . Julio pitching for Rockies . Castro hit sacrifice fly to left , Encarnacion scored , Gonzalez scored , Wise to third , Castro to second on error by left fielder Holliday . Moeller flied out to center . Belisle grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Phillips at second base . Finley hit for Julio . Phillips at second base . Castro at shortstop . Finley hit for Julio . Belisle pitching for Reds . Carroll fouled out to third . Finley flied out to center . Taveras doubled to deep left center . Ramirez pitching for Rockies . Matsui flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 6th . Ramirez pitching for Rockies . Hopper doubled to left center . Hatteberg struck out swinging . Griffey Jr intentionally walked . Encarnacion doubled to left , Hopper scored , Griffey Jr to third . Phillips homered to center , Griffey Jr and Encarnacion scored . Wise struck out swinging . Castro flied out to center . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Belisle pitching for Reds . Holliday singled to right . Helton flied out to left . Atkins flied out to center . Hawpe walked , Holliday to second . Torrealba singled to center , Holliday scored , Hawpe to third . Spilborghs hit for Ramirez . Carroll singled to center , Hawpe scored , Torrealba to second . Martin pitching for Rockies . Spilborghs flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 7th . Martin pitching for Rockies . Moeller singled to left center . Belisle sacrificed to catcher , Moeller to second . Hopper singled to center , Moeller to third . Hatteberg fouled out to shortstop . Griffey Jr fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Belisle pitching for Reds . Taveras grounded out to pitcher . Matsui grounded out to second . Holliday singled to left . Coutlangus pitching for Reds . Helton walked , Holliday to second . Atkins walked , Holliday to third , Helton to second . Majewski pitching for Reds . Conine at first base . Hawpe walked , Holliday scored , Helton to third , Atkins to second . Hawkins pitching for Rockies . Torrealba flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 8th . Hawkins pitching for Rockies . Encarnacion grounded out to first . Phillips struck out swinging . Wise grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Baker hit for Hawkins . Majewski pitching for Reds . Carroll singled to center . Baker singled to left center , Carroll to second . Weathers pitching for Reds . Baker hit for Hawkins . Weathers pitching for Reds . Taveras reached on bunt single to catcher , Carroll to third , Baker to second . Matsui tripled to deep right , Carroll , Baker and Taveras scored . Holliday struck out looking . Helton intentionally walked . Atkins flied out to left . Hawpe singled to center , Matsui scored , Helton to second . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Torrealba struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 9th . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Castro doubled to deep left center . Moeller flied out to right . Conine singled to center , Castro scored . Hopper grounded into double play , second to first , Conine out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Iannetta hit for Fuentes . Weathers pitching for Reds . Carroll flied out to right . Iannetta flied out to center . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Dunn hit for Weathers . Taveras struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 10th . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Dunn singled to center . Griffey Jr grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Dunn out at second . Santos pitching for Reds . Encarnacion struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 10th . Santos pitching for Reds . Matsui singled to right . Holliday struck out swinging . Helton intentionally walked . Atkins singled to left , Matsui scored , Helton to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Reds 9 - Rockies 10 .	Atkins picks up Rockies after two - game benching