Angels - Top 1st . Bailey pitching for Reds . Figgins grounded out to second . Cabrera lined out to first . Guerrero flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 1st . Colon pitching for Angels . Hatteberg singled to left . Phillips grounded out to first , Hatteberg to second . Griffey Jr struck out looking . Dunn singled to left center , Hatteberg scored . Encarnacion struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Bailey pitching for Reds . Matthews walked . Matthews stole second . Kotchman popped out to third . Kendrick singled to center , Matthews scored on error by center fielder Hamilton . Molina singled to center , Kendrick to second . Willits singled to right , Kendrick scored , Molina to third . Colon bunt popped out to catcher . Figgins grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Willits out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Bottom 2nd . Colon pitching for Angels . Hamilton flied out to left . Gonzalez struck out looking . Moeller struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Bailey pitching for Reds . Cabrera doubled to deep center . Cabrera stole third . Guerrero hit sacrifice fly to left , Cabrera scored . Matthews reached on infield single to second . Matthews picked off first . Kotchman doubled to right . Kendrick flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 3rd . Colon pitching for Angels . Bailey struck out looking . Hatteberg singled to center . Phillips struck out looking . Griffey Jr flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Bailey pitching for Reds . Molina flied out to right . Willits hit by pitch . Colon grounded out to third , Willits to second . Figgins grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 4th . Colon pitching for Angels . Dunn singled to right . Encarnacion grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Dunn out at second . Hamilton grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Bailey pitching for Reds . Cabrera grounded out to second . Guerrero struck out looking . Matthews flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 5th . Colon pitching for Angels . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Moeller safe at first on error by third baseman Figgins . Bailey sacrificed to first , Moeller to second . Hatteberg singled to right , Moeller scored , Hatteberg to third on throwing error by right fielder Guerrero . Hopper in center field . Phillips grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Bailey pitching for Reds . Kotchman singled to left center . Kendrick grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kotchman out at second . Molina grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 6th . Colon pitching for Angels . Griffey Jr homered to center . Dunn flied out to right . Encarnacion grounded out to third . Hopper walked . Gonzalez homered to left , Hopper scored . Moeller struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Aybar hit for Colon . Bailey pitching for Reds . Willits walked . Majewski pitching for Reds . Aybar walked , Willits to second . Figgins singled to left , Willits to third , Aybar to second . Cabrera walked , Willits scored , Aybar to third , Figgins to second . Stanton pitching for Reds . Guerrero singled to right center , Aybar and Figgins scored , Cabrera to third . Matthews hit sacrifice fly to right , Cabrera scored , Guerrero to second . Kotchman singled to right , Guerrero scored , Kotchman to second advancing on throw . Kendrick grounded out to second , Kotchman to third . Molina singled to right , Kotchman scored . Molina stole second . Oliver pitching for Angels . Aybar at second base . Ross hit for Stanton . Willits grounded out to third . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 7th . Oliver pitching for Angels . Ross flied out to left . Hatteberg flied out to center . Phillips singled to left . Phillips stole second . Shields pitching for Angels . Griffey Jr walked . Dunn singled to center , Phillips scored , Griffey Jr to second . Coffey pitching for Reds . Encarnacion flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Coffey pitching for Reds . Aybar grounded out to shortstop . Figgins grounded out to second . Cabrera flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 8th . Shields pitching for Angels . Hopper flied out to right . Valentin hit for Moeller . Gonzalez grounded out to third . Valentin catching . Valentin flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Coffey pitching for Reds . Guerrero safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Encarnacion . Matthews flied out to left . Anderson hit for Shields . Kotchman flied out to center . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Conine hit for Coffey . Anderson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Bottom 9th . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Conine singled to left . Hatteberg singled to left , Conine to second . Phillips grounded out to third , Conine to third , Hatteberg to second . Griffey Jr grounded out to first , Conine scored , Hatteberg to third . Dunn struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 9 - Reds 7 .	Vlad 's singular hit pads Angels ' long - running tear