Reds - Top 1st . Davies pitching for Braves . Freel singled to center . Hatteberg walked , Freel to second . Griffey Jr singled to left , Freel scored , Hatteberg to second . Phillips walked , Hatteberg to third , Griffey Jr to second . Dunn walked , Hatteberg scored , Griffey Jr to third , Phillips to second . Villarreal pitching for Braves . Valentin flied out to center . Encarnacion struck out swinging . Lopez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Livingston pitching for Reds . Escobar singled to right . Escobar to second on balk by Livingston . Renteria grounded out to shortstop . Jones flied out to right , Escobar to third . Jones popped out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 2nd . Villarreal pitching for Braves . Livingston singled to left . Freel struck out swinging . Hatteberg singled to right center , Livingston to second . Griffey Jr homered to right , Livingston and Hatteberg scored . Phillips grounded out to second . Dunn struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Livingston pitching for Reds . Francoeur singled to center . Diaz grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Francoeur out at second . McCann singled to left , Diaz to second . Saltalamacchia grounded into double play , third to second to first , McCann out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 3rd . Villarreal pitching for Braves . Valentin grounded out to shortstop . Encarnacion singled to left . Lopez safe at first on error by second baseman Escobar , Encarnacion to second . Livingston reached on bunt single to catcher , Encarnacion scored , Lopez to second . Freel grounded out to third , Lopez to third , Livingston to second . Hatteberg grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Reyes hit for Villarreal . Livingston pitching for Reds . Reyes singled to center . Escobar singled to center , Reyes to second . Renteria struck out looking . Jones walked , Reyes to third , Escobar to second . Jones singled to center , Reyes and Escobar scored , Jones to second . Francoeur fouled out to first . Devine pitching for Braves . Diaz struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 4th . Devine pitching for Braves . Griffey Jr grounded out to shortstop . Phillips grounded out to third . Dunn walked . Valentin singled to right , Dunn to third . Encarnacion singled to left , Dunn scored , Valentin to second . Lopez flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Livingston pitching for Reds . McCann grounded out to pitcher . Woodward hit for Devine . Saltalamacchia grounded out to third . Paronto pitching for Braves . Woodward grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 5th . Paronto pitching for Braves . Livingston singled to left center . Freel grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Livingston out at second . Freel stole second . Freel stole third . Hatteberg grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Freel scored , Hatteberg to second on throwing error by shortstop Renteria . Griffey Jr intentionally walked . Phillips flied out to center . Dunn singled to center , Hatteberg scored , Griffey Jr to second . Valentin singled to right , Griffey Jr thrown out at home , Dunn to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 5th . Livingston pitching for Reds . Escobar singled to center . Renteria doubled to left , Escobar to third . Jones walked . Jones struck out swinging . Francoeur struck out looking . Harris in left field . Diaz in right field . Diaz fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 6th . Paronto pitching for Braves . Encarnacion lined out to left . Lopez grounded out to third . Livingston reached on infield single to shortstop . Freel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Saarloos pitching for Reds . McCann popped out to third . Thorman hit for Paronto . Saltalamacchia grounded out to first . Ascanio pitching for Braves . Saltalamacchia catching . Thorman at first base . Thorman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 7th . Ascanio pitching for Braves . Hatteberg flied out to center . Griffey Jr flied out to right . Phillips grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Saarloos pitching for Reds . Escobar hit by pitch . Renteria doubled to deep center . Renteria to third on wild pitch by Saarloos . Jones walked . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jones out at second . Harris grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 8th . Ascanio pitching for Braves . Dunn struck out swinging . Valentin singled to left . Encarnacion struck out swinging . Gosling pitching for Reds . Hopper in left field . Lopez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Gosling pitching for Reds . Diaz grounded out to second . Johnson hit for Ascanio . Johnson walked . Saltalamacchia singled to center , Johnson to third . Thorman struck out swinging . Coffey pitching for Reds . Escobar walked , Saltalamacchia to second . Escobar at shortstop . Moylan pitching for Braves . Johnson at second base . Renteria popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 9th . Moylan pitching for Braves . Hopper singled to center . Freel grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Hopper safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Thorman . Hatteberg grounded out to pitcher , Hopper to third , Freel to second . Griffey Jr intentionally walked . Keppinger hit for Coffey . Phillips struck out looking . Keppinger singled to center , Hopper scored , Freel to third , Griffey Jr to second . Valentin flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 9th . Weathers pitching for Reds . Jones singled to left center . Jones flied out to center . Harris flied out to right . Diaz flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Reds 10 - Braves 3 .	Griffey supplants Robinson on HR list in Reds win