Braves - Top 1st . Livingston pitching for Reds . Escobar singled to left . Diaz singled to right , Escobar to second . Jones flied out to center . Teixeira singled to left , Escobar scored , Diaz to second . Francoeur struck out swinging . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Diaz out at third , Teixeira to second . 1 Run , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 1st . Reyes pitching for Braves . Hopper reached on bunt single to first . Keppinger grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hopper out at second . Griffey Jr walked . Phillips reached on infield single to third , Griffey Jr to second . Dunn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Livingston pitching for Reds . McCann doubled to deep left center . Johnson struck out swinging , Johnson safe at on error by player player , McCann to third , Johnson to first on throwing error by catcher Jorgensen . Reyes struck out bunting foul . Escobar doubled to left , McCann and Johnson scored . Diaz grounded out to third , Escobar to third . Jones flied out to center . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Reds - Bottom 2nd . Reyes pitching for Braves . Encarnacion lined out to third . Cantu grounded out to second . Jorgensen flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Livingston pitching for Reds . Teixeira struck out looking . Francoeur flied out to center . Jones grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 3rd . Reyes pitching for Braves . Livingston walked . Hopper sacrificed to first , Livingston to second . Keppinger singled to left , Livingston to third . Griffey Jr walked , Keppinger to second . Phillips flied out to right . Dunn walked , Livingston scored , Keppinger to third , Griffey Jr to second . Encarnacion singled to left center , Keppinger and Griffey Jr scored , Dunn to third . Villarreal pitching for Braves . Cantu doubled to left , Dunn and Encarnacion scored . Cantu to third on wild pitch by Villarreal . Jorgensen grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Livingston pitching for Reds . McCann grounded out to second . Johnson hit by pitch . Villarreal sacrificed to catcher , Johnson to second . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 4th . Villarreal pitching for Braves . Livingston grounded out to first . Hopper flied out to right . Keppinger flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Livingston pitching for Reds . Diaz singled to right . Jones flied out to right . Teixeira flied out to right . Francoeur reached on infield single to shortstop , Diaz to second . Jones tripled to left , Diaz and Francoeur scored . McCann homered to right , Jones scored . Johnson singled to left . Majewski pitching for Reds . Prado hit for Villarreal . Prado grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 10 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 5th . Mahay pitching for Braves . Griffey Jr popped out to first . Phillips homered to right . Dunn doubled to deep center . Encarnacion singled to left , Dunn to third . Cantu singled to left , Dunn scored , Encarnacion to second . Jorgensen struck out swinging . Bellhorn hit for Majewski . Bellhorn struck out looking . 2 Runs , 8 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Bray pitching for Reds . Escobar singled to right . Diaz struck out swinging . Jones grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Escobar out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 6th . Moylan pitching for Braves . Hopper reached on infield single to second . Keppinger hit by pitch , Hopper to second . Griffey Jr grounded out to second , Hopper to third , Keppinger to second . Phillips singled to right , Hopper scored , Keppinger thrown out at home , Phillips to second advancing on throw . Dunn intentionally walked . Encarnacion hit by pitch , Phillips to third , Dunn to second . Cantu flied out to right . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Bray pitching for Reds . Teixeira flied out to right . Burton pitching for Reds . Hatteberg at first base . Francoeur grounded out to shortstop . Jones flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 7th . Moylan pitching for Braves . Jorgensen grounded out to shortstop . Hatteberg grounded out to first . Hopper grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Burton pitching for Reds . McCann grounded out to first . Johnson lined out to second . Harris hit for Moylan . Harris struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 8th . Soriano pitching for Braves . Keppinger flied out to center . Griffey Jr singled to center . Phillips struck out looking . Dunn singled to center , Griffey Jr to second . Encarnacion flied out to left . 0 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Hopper in left field . Weathers pitching for Reds . Hamilton in center field . Escobar struck out swinging . Diaz grounded out to shortstop . Jones singled to right . Teixeira walked , Jones to second . Thorman ran for Teixeira . Francoeur grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Thorman out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 7 - Reds 8 .	Reds blow early lead but rally late past Braves