White Sox - Top 1st . Bannister pitching for Royals . Podsednik grounded out to second . Ramirez grounded out to third . Dye homered to center . Thome struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Richard pitching for White Sox . Bloomquist lined out to second . DeJesus struck out swinging . Butler singled to left . Guillen flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Bannister pitching for Royals . Konerko singled to left . Pierzynski singled to right , Konerko to second . Anderson struck out swinging . Getz grounded out to pitcher , Konerko to third , Pierzynski to second . Fields doubled to deep left , Konerko and Pierzynski scored . Podsednik safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Bannister , Fields to third . Ramirez singled to left , Fields scored , Podsednik to second . Dye grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Richard pitching for White Sox . Jacobs struck out swinging . Teahen singled to center . Callaspo grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Teahen out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Bannister pitching for Royals . Thome struck out looking . Konerko grounded out to shortstop . Pierzynski lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Richard pitching for White Sox . Olivo lined out to second . Hernandez grounded out to second . Bloomquist struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Bannister pitching for Royals . Anderson doubled to left . Getz bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Anderson out at third . Fields flied out to right , Getz to third . Podsednik popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Richard pitching for White Sox . DeJesus struck out swinging . Butler fouled out to right . Guillen flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Bannister pitching for Royals . Ramirez flied out to right . Dye walked . Thome singled to center , Dye to third . Konerko hit sacrifice fly to left , Dye scored . Pierzynski struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Richard pitching for White Sox . Jacobs popped out to first . Teahen singled to left center . Callaspo singled to center , Teahen to second . Olivo grounded into double play , third to second to first , Callaspo out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Bannister pitching for Royals . Anderson doubled to right center . Getz singled to left center , Anderson scored . Ponson pitching for Royals . Fields singled to right , Getz to third . Podsednik singled to center , Getz scored , Fields to third . Ramirez singled to center , Fields scored , Podsednik to third . Ramirez to second on wild pitch by Ponson . Dye grounded out to shortstop , Podsednik scored . Thome walked . Konerko singled to left , Ramirez scored , Thome to second . Farnsworth pitching for Royals . Wise ran for Konerko . Pierzynski doubled to right , Thome scored , Wise to third . Anderson struck out swinging . Wise caught stealing home , catcher to shortstop to catcher . 6 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Betemit at first base . Wise in right field . Richard pitching for White Sox . Hernandez walked . Bloomquist flied out to center . DeJesus grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hernandez out at second . Butler homered to left , DeJesus scored . Guillen flied out to right . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Wright pitching for Royals . Getz grounded out to pitcher . Fields singled to right . Podsednik grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Fields out at second . Ramirez singled to right , Podsednik to second . Betemit grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ramirez out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Richard pitching for White Sox . Jacobs struck out swinging . Teahen struck out looking . Callaspo doubled to left center . Olivo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Mahay pitching for Royals . Nix hit for Thome . Nix flied out to left . Wise lined out to left . Pierzynski singled to center . Anderson walked , Pierzynski to second . Getz flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Dotel pitching for White Sox . Hernandez grounded out to shortstop . Maier hit for Bloomquist . Maier walked . Maier to second on balk by Dotel . DeJesus grounded out to first , Maier to third . Butler lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Maier in center field . Bale pitching for Royals . Fields grounded out to shortstop . Podsednik grounded out to second . Ramirez lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Gobble pitching for White Sox . Hulett hit for Guillen . Hulett flied out to right . Jacobs flied out to left . Teahen walked . Callaspo walked , Teahen to second . Olivo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Callaspo out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 11 - Royals 2 .	White Sox dismantle Royals