Royals - Top 1st . Lee pitching for Indians . Crisp walked . DeJesus popped out to third . Butler grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Crisp out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Bannister pitching for Royals . Francisco struck out swinging . Carroll singled to right . Martinez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Carroll out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Lee pitching for Indians . Guillen singled to left . Jacobs struck out swinging . Callaspo struck out swinging . Teahen grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Bannister pitching for Royals . Choo struck out swinging . DeRosa popped out to second . Hafner walked . Shoppach singled to center , Hafner to second . Valbuena struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Lee pitching for Indians . Olivo homered to left . Bloomquist singled to center . Bloomquist stole second . Crisp sacrificed to first , Bloomquist to third . DeJesus tripled to deep right , Bloomquist scored . Butler popped out to second . Guillen flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Bannister pitching for Royals . Barfield struck out swinging . Francisco grounded out to third . Carroll grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Lee pitching for Indians . Jacobs fouled out to shortstop . Callaspo singled to center . Callaspo to second on passed ball by Shoppach . Teahen struck out looking . Olivo lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Bannister pitching for Royals . Martinez grounded out to shortstop . Choo walked . DeRosa struck out looking . Hafner popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Lee pitching for Indians . Bloomquist reached on infield single to shortstop . Crisp struck out looking . DeJesus grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bloomquist out at second . Butler singled to center , DeJesus to second . Guillen grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Butler out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Bannister pitching for Royals . Shoppach hit by pitch . Valbuena flied out to right . Barfield grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Shoppach out at second . Francisco flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Lee pitching for Indians . Jacobs flied out to left . Callaspo flied out to right . Teahen singled to center . Olivo singled to right , Teahen to third . Bloomquist reached on infield single to shortstop , Teahen scored , Olivo to second . Olivo stole third , Bloomquist stole second , Olivo scored on throwing error by catcher Shoppach . Crisp reached on infield single to shortstop , Bloomquist to third . Crisp stole second . DeJesus grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 6th . Bannister pitching for Royals . Carroll walked . Martinez singled to center , Carroll to third . Choo grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Carroll scored , Martinez safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Butler . DeRosa singled to left , Martinez to third , Choo to second . Bale pitching for Royals . Hafner grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Martinez scored on error by catcher Olivo , Choo to third , DeRosa to second . Shoppach hit sacrifice fly to right , Choo scored , DeRosa to third . Peralta hit for Valbuena . Peralta grounded into fielder 's choice to third , DeRosa scored , Hafner out at second . Barfield struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Peralta at shortstop . Vizcaino pitching for Indians . Butler struck out looking . Guillen fouled out to third . Perez pitching for Indians . Jacobs struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Cruz pitching for Royals . Francisco reached on infield single to shortstop . Carroll bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Francisco out at second . Martinez walked , Carroll to second . Choo hit by pitch , Carroll to third , Martinez to second . Wright pitching for Royals . DeRosa homered to right , Carroll , Martinez and Choo scored . Hafner grounded out to pitcher . Shoppach flied out to right . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Francisco in left field . Crowe in center field . Perez pitching for Indians . Callaspo singled to left . Teahen struck out looking . Herges pitching for Indians . Olivo grounded into double play , third to second to first , Callaspo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Colon pitching for Royals . Peralta singled to center . Barfield struck out swinging . Francisco grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Peralta out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Wood pitching for Indians . Bloomquist walked . Bloomquist stole second . Crisp grounded out to shortstop . DeJesus struck out looking . Butler grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 4 - Indians 8 .	DeRosa 's slam boosts Indians out of cellar