Reds - Top 1st . Davies pitching for Royals . Taveras popped out to third . Gonzalez flied out to left . Phillips grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Arroyo pitching for Reds . DeJesus grounded out to first . Bloomquist flied out to center . Butler singled to left . Jacobs singled to right center , Butler to second . Guillen walked , Butler to third , Jacobs to second . Teahen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 2nd . Davies pitching for Royals . Nix struck out swinging . Gomes walked . Bruce grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Gomes out at second . Bruce caught stealing second , catcher to second to first to shortstop . Hernandez batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Arroyo pitching for Reds . Callaspo singled to center . Olivo hit by pitch , Callaspo to second . Maier singled to right , Callaspo to third , Olivo to second . DeJesus grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Callaspo out at home , Olivo to third , Maier to second . Bloomquist singled to center , Olivo and Maier scored , DeJesus to second . Butler singled to left , DeJesus scored , Bloomquist to second . Jacobs grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Butler out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 3rd . Davies pitching for Royals . Hernandez walked . Rosales hit by pitch , Hernandez to second . Hanigan doubled to left , Hernandez and Rosales scored . Taveras sacrificed to pitcher , Hanigan to third . Gonzalez hit sacrifice fly to center , Hanigan scored . Phillips grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Arroyo pitching for Reds . Guillen flied out to left . Teahen homered to right . Callaspo singled to left . Olivo singled to left , Callaspo to second . Maier grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Olivo out at second , Callaspo to third . DeJesus singled to left , Callaspo scored , Maier to second . Bloomquist singled to right , DeJesus tagged out at second , Maier to third . 2 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 4th . Davies pitching for Royals . Nix flied out to center . Gomes grounded out to shortstop . Bruce singled to right . Hernandez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Arroyo pitching for Reds . Butler grounded out to second . Jacobs lined out to right . Guillen flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 5th . Davies pitching for Royals . Rosales walked . Hanigan popped out to shortstop . Taveras popped out to shortstop . Gonzalez walked , Rosales to second . Phillips flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Arroyo pitching for Reds . Teahen grounded out to first . Callaspo grounded out to second . Olivo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 6th . Davies pitching for Royals . Nix walked . Colon pitching for Royals . Gomes struck out swinging . Bruce lined out to left . Hernandez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Nix out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Arroyo pitching for Reds . Maier walked . Burton pitching for Reds . DeJesus flied out to right , Maier to second . Bloomquist singled to center , Maier scored , Bloomquist to second on error by center fielder Taveras . Butler singled to center , Bloomquist scored . Jacobs popped out to second . Guillen singled to left , Butler to second . Teahen grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Top 7th . Colon pitching for Royals . Rosales flied out to right . Hanigan singled to center . Taveras grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hanigan out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Burton pitching for Reds . Callaspo grounded out to first . Olivo grounded out to third . Maier flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 8th . Bloomquist in right field . Pena at shortstop . Bale pitching for Royals . Gonzalez singled to left . Phillips singled to left , Gonzalez to second . Nix struck out swinging . Gomes struck out swinging . Bruce struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Fisher pitching for Reds . DeJesus grounded out to second . Bloomquist walked . Butler grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bloomquist out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 9th . Soria pitching for Royals . Hernandez homered to center . Rosales struck out swinging . Hanigan safe at second on error by second baseman Callaspo . Taveras grounded out to third . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Reds 4 - Royals 7 .	Royals win back - to - back for first time since May