Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Lopez safe at first on error by shortstop Bloomquist . Drew grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lopez out at second . Upton doubled to deep right center , Drew scored . Reynolds safe at first on error by second baseman Callaspo , Upton to third . Parra struck out looking . Young walked , Reynolds to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Haren pitching for Diamondbacks . DeJesus flied out to center . Bloomquist struck out swinging . Butler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Montero flied out to left . Byrnes flied out to left . Ojeda flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Haren pitching for Diamondbacks . Jacobs singled to right . Guillen grounded into double play , third to second to first , Jacobs out at second . Callaspo grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Lopez doubled to deep center . Lopez to third on wild pitch by Hochevar . Drew singled to center , Lopez scored . Upton grounded out to third , Drew to second . Reynolds grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Drew to third . Parra tripled to deep center , Drew and Reynolds scored . Young singled to left , Parra scored . Montero singled to right , Young to second . Young stole third , Montero stole second . Byrnes grounded out to pitcher . Ojeda grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Haren pitching for Diamondbacks . Teahen grounded out to pitcher . Pena singled to right . Maier doubled to right , Pena to third . DeJesus doubled to left , Pena and Maier scored . Bloomquist struck out swinging . Butler struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Lopez struck out looking . Drew walked . Upton doubled to left , Drew to third . Reynolds struck out swinging . Parra flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Haren pitching for Diamondbacks . Jacobs struck out looking . Guillen reached on infield single to second . Callaspo flied out to left . Teahen popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Young doubled to deep left . Montero singled to center , Young to third . Wright pitching for Royals . Byrnes singled to center , Young scored , Montero to second . Ojeda sacrificed to pitcher , Montero to third , Byrnes to second . Lopez safe at first on error by second baseman Callaspo , Montero scored , Byrnes to third . Drew lined out to shortstop . Byrnes scored on Wright 's wild pitch . Upton walked , Lopez to second . Reynolds grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 5th . Haren pitching for Diamondbacks . Pena lined out to left . Maier flied out to left . DeJesus grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Hulett at second base . Cruz pitching for Royals . Parra homered to right . Young doubled to center . Montero popped out to shortstop . Byrnes lined into double play , first to shortstop , Young doubled off second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Haren pitching for Diamondbacks . Bloomquist singled to right center . Butler singled to left , Bloomquist to second . Jacobs flied out to left . Guillen flied out to right . Hulett struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Cruz pitching for Royals . Ojeda singled to left center . Lopez walked , Ojeda to second . Drew flied out to left . Upton singled to right center , Ojeda to third , Lopez to second . Reynolds struck out swinging . Ojeda scored , Lopez to third , Upton to second on passed ball by Pena . Parra lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Haren pitching for Diamondbacks . Teahen grounded out to second . Pena flied out to left . Maier flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Hernandez at shortstop . Mahay pitching for Royals . Young tripled to deep center . Roberts ran for Young . Montero grounded out to second , Roberts scored . Byrnes homered to left . Ojeda flied out to center . Lopez struck out swinging , Lopez safe at first on wild pitch by Mahay . Drew flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Parra in center field . Roberts in left field . Zavada pitching for Diamondbacks . DeJesus singled to left . Hernandez reached on infield single to shortstop , DeJesus to second . Butler grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hernandez out at second , DeJesus to third . Jacobs walked . Guillen struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Hernandez at second base . Pena at shortstop . Hulett in right field . Soria pitching for Royals . Upton struck out swinging . Reynolds flied out to right . Parra grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Qualls pitching for Diamondbacks . Hulett grounded out to shortstop . Teahen safe at first on error by first baseman Reynolds . Pena singled to right , Teahen to second . Maier singled to right , Teahen scored , Pena to second . DeJesus tripled to deep center , Pena and Maier scored . Hernandez lined into double play , to third , DeJesus doubled off third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Diamondbacks 12 - Royals 5 .	D - backs crush Royals ; Webb suffers setback