Mariners - Top 1st . Davies pitching for Royals . Suzuki grounded out to second . Branyan popped out to third . Lopez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . French pitching for Mariners . DeJesus singled to center . Bloomquist flied out to right . Butler grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , DeJesus out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Davies pitching for Royals . Griffey Jr popped out to second . Beltre popped out to second . Gutierrez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . French pitching for Mariners . Teahen struck out swinging . Callaspo singled to right center . Olivo popped out to shortstop . Gordon reached on infield single to second , Callaspo to second . Betancourt walked , Callaspo to third , Gordon to second . Maier grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Davies pitching for Royals . Wilson struck out swinging . Johnson doubled to deep left . Saunders tripled to deep right , Johnson scored . Suzuki struck out looking . Branyan singled to right , Saunders scored . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Branyan out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . French pitching for Mariners . DeJesus flied out to right . Bloomquist singled to right . Butler homered to left , Bloomquist scored . Teahen grounded out to second . Callaspo popped out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Davies pitching for Royals . Griffey Jr flied out to right . Beltre singled to right . Gutierrez singled to center , Beltre to third . Wilson reached on bunt single to second , Beltre scored , Gutierrez to second . Johnson popped out to shortstop . Gutierrez scored , Wilson to second on wild pitch by Davies . Saunders walked . Suzuki singled to right , Wilson scored , Saunders to third . Branyan doubled to deep right , Saunders and Suzuki scored . Colon pitching for Royals . Lopez singled to left , Branyan scored . Griffey Jr flied out to center . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 4th . French pitching for Mariners . Olivo tripled to deep right center . Gordon homered to right , Olivo scored . Betancourt flied out to right . Maier singled to center . DeJesus popped out to shortstop . Bloomquist grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Colon pitching for Royals . Beltre flied out to right . Gutierrez flied out to right . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . French pitching for Mariners . Butler singled to left . Teahen grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Butler out at second . Callaspo grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Teahen out at second . Olivo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Colon pitching for Royals . Johnson walked . Johnson to second on passed ball by Olivo . Saunders flied out to center . Suzuki reached on bunt single to pitcher , Johnson to third . Suzuki stole second . Branyan struck out swinging . Lopez singled to left , Johnson and Suzuki scored . Griffey Jr reached on infield single to third , Lopez to second . Beltre grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Griffey Jr out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Batista pitching for Mariners . Gordon singled to left center . Betancourt grounded out to third , Gordon to second . Maier struck out swinging . DeJesus walked . Bloomquist singled to center , Gordon scored , DeJesus to second . Butler walked , DeJesus to third , Bloomquist to second . White pitching for Mariners . Teahen grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Cruz pitching for Royals . Gutierrez grounded out to third . Wilson doubled to right center . Johnson singled to center , Wilson scored . Saunders struck out swinging . Suzuki flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . White pitching for Mariners . Callaspo flied out to center . Olivo struck out swinging . Gordon flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Cruz pitching for Royals . Branyan flied out to center . Lopez singled to center . Griffey Jr walked , Lopez to second . Beltre grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Griffey Jr out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Hannahan at shortstop . Olson pitching for Mariners . Betancourt grounded out to third . Maier walked . DeJesus hit by pitch , Maier to second . Bloomquist flied out to right , Maier to third . Butler singled to left , Maier scored , DeJesus to second . Teahen grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Mahay pitching for Royals . Gutierrez reached on infield single to shortstop . Hannahan flied out to right . Johnson lined out to center . Saunders struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Olson pitching for Mariners . Callaspo walked . Olivo struck out swinging . Gordon flied out to left . Betancourt struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 11 - Royals 6 .	Mariners ' bats too much for Davies , Royals