Mariners - Top 1st . Chen pitching for Royals . Suzuki grounded out to second . Branyan struck out swinging . Lopez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Vargas pitching for Mariners . DeJesus walked . Bloomquist grounded into fielder 's choice to third , DeJesus out at second . Butler homered to left , Bloomquist scored . Pena singled to left . Callaspo singled to right , Pena to second . Teahen doubled to right , Pena and Callaspo scored . Maier flied out to center , Teahen to third . Betancourt doubled to deep left , Teahen scored . Anderson grounded out to third . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Chen pitching for Royals . Sweeney flied out to right . Beltre singled to left . Gutierrez struck out swinging , Beltre to second on wild pitch by Chen . Wilson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Vargas pitching for Mariners . DeJesus grounded out to shortstop . Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop . Butler walked . Pena flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Chen pitching for Royals . Johnson singled to left . Saunders grounded out to first , Johnson to second . Suzuki singled to left , Johnson to third . Suzuki caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Branyan fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Callaspo lined out to shortstop . Teahen flied out to center . Maier walked . Maier stole second . Betancourt grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Chen pitching for Royals . Lopez flied out to center . Sweeney homered to left . Beltre singled to left . Gutierrez singled to right , Beltre to third . Wilson hit sacrifice fly to center , Beltre scored . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gutierrez out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Anderson reached on bunt single to second . Anderson caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . DeJesus flied out to center . Bloomquist grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Chen pitching for Royals . Saunders singled to right . Suzuki singled to right , Saunders to second . Branyan flied out to center , Saunders to third . Lopez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Suzuki out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Butler singled to center . Pena doubled to deep left , Butler to third . Callaspo singled to center , Butler scored , Pena to third . Teahen safe at second on error by first baseman Branyan , Pena scored , Callaspo to third . Maier grounded out to shortstop , Callaspo scored . Betancourt grounded out to third . Anderson grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 6th . Chen pitching for Royals . Sweeney flied out to right . Beltre singled to left . Gutierrez struck out looking . Wilson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Vargas pitching for Mariners . DeJesus grounded out to first . Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop . Butler grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Chen pitching for Royals . Johnson popped out to second . Saunders singled to right . Suzuki grounded out to second , Saunders to second . Saunders to third on wild pitch by Chen . Branyan walked . Wright pitching for Royals . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Pena grounded out to third . Callaspo flied out to center . Teahen grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Wright pitching for Royals . Sweeney grounded out to shortstop . Beltre singled to center . Gutierrez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Beltre out at second . Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gutierrez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Jakubauskas pitching for Mariners . Maier struck out swinging . Betancourt popped out to second . Anderson grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Waechter pitching for Royals . Johnson doubled to deep left center . Saunders flied out to right . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop , Johnson to third . Branyan grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 2 - Royals 8 .	Chen earns first win since ' 05 as Royals roll M 's