Athletics - Top 1st . Greinke pitching for Royals . Kennedy singled to left . Davis flied out to right . Kennedy stole second . Hairston struck out looking . Cust flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Mortensen pitching for Athletics . DeJesus flied out to center . Bloomquist struck out swinging . Butler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Greinke pitching for Royals . Suzuki singled to center . Everidge walked , Suzuki to second . Sweeney singled to left , Suzuki to third , Everidge to second . Ellis singled to left center , Suzuki and Everidge scored , Sweeney to third . Pennington popped out to shortstop . Kennedy grounded out to shortstop , Sweeney scored , Ellis to second . Davis walked . Hairston fouled out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Mortensen pitching for Athletics . Teahen walked . Callaspo walked , Teahen to second . Jacobs struck out swinging . Olivo struck out swinging . Gordon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Greinke pitching for Royals . Cust struck out looking . Suzuki singled to center . Everidge flied out to right . Sweeney grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Mortensen pitching for Athletics . Betancourt singled to shallow left . DeJesus doubled to deep center , Betancourt scored . Bloomquist grounded out to second , DeJesus to third . Butler hit sacrifice fly to center , DeJesus scored . Teahen flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Greinke pitching for Royals . Ellis grounded out to shortstop . Pennington struck out looking . Kennedy doubled to deep right . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Mortensen pitching for Athletics . Callaspo singled to right . Jacobs homered to right , Callaspo scored . Olivo homered to center . Gordon walked . Gordon stole second . Betancourt singled to left , Gordon to third . DeJesus hit sacrifice fly to left , Gordon scored . Betancourt caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Bloomquist flied out to left . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Greinke pitching for Royals . Hairston fouled out to third . Cust flied out to center . Suzuki grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Mortensen pitching for Athletics . Butler doubled to deep left . Teahen reached on bunt single to third , Butler to third . Ed Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Callaspo singled to right , Butler scored , Teahen to second . Jacobs grounded out to pitcher , Teahen to third , Callaspo to second . Teahen scored , Callaspo to third on wild pitch by Ed Gonzalez . Olivo grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Callaspo out at home . Gordon flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Greinke pitching for Royals . Everidge singled to right . Sweeney grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Everidge out at second . Ellis flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Betancourt fouled out to first . DeJesus flied out to center . Bloomquist reached on infield single to shortstop . Butler doubled to deep right , Bloomquist scored . Teahen struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Anderson in right field . Greinke pitching for Royals . Pennington grounded out to second . Kennedy struck out swinging . Davis flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Cunningham in left field . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Callaspo flied out to center . Jacobs doubled to deep right . Olivo flied out to center . Gordon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Wright pitching for Royals . Cunningham grounded out to second . Cust walked . Powell hit for Suzuki . Powell lined into double play , to first , Cust doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Powell catching . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Betancourt grounded out to shortstop . Maier hit for DeJesus . Maier doubled to deep right . Bloomquist flied out to right . Butler doubled to deep right , Maier scored . Anderson singled to left , Butler to third . Callaspo singled to right , Butler scored , Anderson to third . Jacobs singled to left , Anderson scored , Callaspo to second . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Olivo grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Maier in center field . Bloomquist in right field . Anderson in left field . Soria pitching for Royals . Everidge homered to right . Sweeney grounded out to third . Ellis homered to left . Pennington reached on infield single to first . Kennedy lined out to third . Pennington to second on fielder 's indifference . Davis singled to left , Pennington scored . Davis to second on fielder 's indifference . Cunningham struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 6 - Royals 12 .	Greinke ends AL slump with victory over A 's