Royals - Top 1st . Blackburn pitching for Twins . DeJesus singled to left . Anderson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , DeJesus out at second . Anderson stole second . Butler singled to right center , Anderson scored . Jacobs flied out to center . Callaspo walked , Butler to second . Olivo tripled to right , Butler and Callaspo scored . Gordon hit ground rule double to deep left , Olivo scored . Betancourt lined out to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Davies pitching for Royals . Span struck out swinging . Cabrera singled to center . Mauer singled to center , Cabrera to third . Cabrera scored , Mauer to second on wild pitch by Davies . Morneau walked . Kubel grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Morneau out at second , Mauer to third . Cuddyer struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Maier singled to right . DeJesus walked , Maier to second . Anderson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Maier safe at third on error by third baseman Harris , DeJesus to second . Butler grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Maier scored , Anderson out at second , DeJesus to third . Jacobs singled to center , DeJesus scored . Duensing pitching for Twins . Callaspo flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Davies pitching for Royals . Young fouled out to right . Harris struck out swinging . Casilla flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Duensing pitching for Twins . Olivo homered to left . Gordon struck out looking . Betancourt walked . Maier walked , Betancourt to second . DeJesus singled to center , Betancourt scored , Maier to second . Anderson grounded into fielder 's choice to first , DeJesus out at second , Maier to third . Butler grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Davies pitching for Royals . Span struck out swinging . Cabrera fouled out to right . Mauer singled to right . Morneau flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Duensing pitching for Twins . Jacobs reached on infield single to second . Callaspo walked , Jacobs to second . Olivo reached on infield single to shortstop , Jacobs to third , Callaspo to second . Gordon struck out swinging . Betancourt singled to left , Jacobs scored , Callaspo to third , Olivo to second . Keppel pitching for Twins . Maier flied out to left , Callaspo thrown out at home . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Davies pitching for Royals . Kubel singled to left center . Cuddyer popped out to shortstop . Young lined out to center . Harris flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Keppel pitching for Twins . DeJesus singled to left . Anderson struck out swinging . Butler struck out swinging . Jacobs flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Davies pitching for Royals . Casilla struck out looking . Span walked . Cabrera struck out swinging . Mauer singled to left center , Span to second . Morneau walked , Span to third , Mauer to second . Kubel flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Keppel pitching for Twins . Callaspo singled to right . Olivo struck out swinging . Gordon doubled to deep right center , Callaspo scored . Betancourt tripled to deep left center , Gordon scored . Maier hit sacrifice fly to center , Betancourt scored . DeJesus grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Mahay pitching for Royals . Cuddyer flied out to right . Young homered to center . Harris singled to center . Casilla safe at first on error by first baseman Butler , Harris to second . Span grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Casilla out at second , Harris to third . Cabrera grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 7th . Crain pitching for Twins . Anderson grounded out to pitcher . Butler grounded out to first . Jacobs popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Mahay pitching for Royals . Mauer grounded out to second . Morneau popped out to second . Kubel singled to center . Cuddyer grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Redmond catching . Punto at third base . Harris at first base . Crain pitching for Twins . Callaspo singled to center . Olivo walked , Callaspo to second . Gordon struck out swinging . Betancourt popped out to shortstop . Maier singled to right , Callaspo scored , Olivo to third . DeJesus walked , Maier to second . Mijares pitching for Twins . Anderson walked , Olivo scored , Maier to third , DeJesus to second . Butler grounded into fielder 's choice to third , DeJesus out at third , Anderson to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Waechter pitching for Royals . Young reached on infield single to shortstop . Harris singled to center , Young to second . Young to third , Harris to second on wild pitch by Waechter . Casilla walked . Span doubled to deep right , Young and Harris scored , Casilla to third . Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to center , Casilla scored . Redmond walked . Chen pitching for Royals . Punto struck out swinging . Kubel fouled out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Mijares pitching for Twins . Jacobs singled to center . Callaspo fouled out to first . Olivo struck out swinging . Gordon flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Chen pitching for Royals . Cuddyer grounded out to second . Young popped out to third . Harris homered to left center . Casilla flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 14 - Twins 6 .	Royals ' offense breaks out in crushing of Twins