Royals - Top 1st . Manship pitching for Twins . Bloomquist singled to center . Maier fouled out to catcher . Bloomquist stole second . Butler singled to left , Bloomquist to third . Pena grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Butler out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . DiNardo pitching for Royals . Span popped out to shortstop . Cabrera singled to center . Mauer singled to right center , Cabrera to third . Kubel singled to right , Cabrera scored , Mauer to second . Cuddyer walked , Mauer to third , Kubel to second . Young homered to left , Mauer , Kubel and Cuddyer scored . Harris grounded out to third . Tolbert singled to right . Punto flied out to center . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Manship pitching for Twins . Callaspo flied out to center . Teahen singled to left . Olivo grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Teahen out at second , Olivo to second on throwing error by shortstop Cabrera . Gordon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 2nd . DiNardo pitching for Royals . Span doubled to deep right . Cabrera reached on infield single to third , Span to third . Mauer walked , Cabrera to second . Marte pitching for Royals . Kubel struck out swinging . Cuddyer walked , Span scored , Cabrera to third , Mauer to second . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cabrera scored , Cuddyer out at second , Mauer to third . Harris grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Top 3rd . Manship pitching for Twins . Betancourt struck out looking . Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop . Maier struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Marte pitching for Royals . Tolbert grounded out to second . Punto walked . Span flied out to center . Cabrera singled to center , Punto to third . Mauer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Manship pitching for Twins . Butler grounded out to shortstop . Pena grounded out to shortstop . Callaspo singled to center . Teahen grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Marte pitching for Royals . Kubel homered to right center . Cuddyer walked . Young singled to left , Cuddyer to second . Harris doubled to deep right , Cuddyer scored , Young to third . Rosa pitching for Royals . Tolbert hit sacrifice fly to center , Young scored . Punto flied out to right . Span popped out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Manship pitching for Twins . Olivo grounded out to third . Gordon doubled to deep right . Betancourt singled to center , Gordon scored . Hernandez ran for Betancourt . Anderson hit for Bloomquist . Anderson struck out swinging . Hernandez to second on passed ball by Mauer . Maier singled to center , Hernandez scored . Butler grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Maier out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Anderson in center field . Maier in left field . Hernandez at shortstop . Rosa pitching for Royals . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Mauer struck out looking . Kubel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Manship pitching for Twins . Pena singled to center . Callaspo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pena out at second . Teahen walked , Callaspo to second . Crain pitching for Twins . Olivo struck out swinging . Gordon walked , Callaspo to third , Teahen to second . Hernandez singled to left , Callaspo and Teahen scored , Gordon to second . Mahay pitching for Twins . Anderson singled to left , Gordon scored , Hernandez to second . Maier struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Rosa pitching for Royals . Cuddyer grounded out to shortstop . Young grounded out to third . Harris grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Keppel pitching for Twins . Butler struck out swinging . Pena grounded out to pitcher . Callaspo singled to left . Teahen grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Bale pitching for Royals . Tolbert tripled to deep center . Punto struck out looking . Span lined into double play , to third , Tolbert doubled off third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Keppel pitching for Twins . Olivo singled to center . Gordon singled to left , Olivo to second . Mijares pitching for Twins . Hernandez hit by pitch , Olivo to third , Gordon to second . Anderson struck out looking . Maier singled to center , Olivo and Gordon scored , Hernandez to second . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Butler struck out swinging . Pena flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Yabuta pitching for Royals . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Mauer flied out to center . Kubel flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Span in right field . Gomez in center field . Nathan pitching for Twins . Callaspo struck out swinging . Teahen safe at first on error by shortstop Cabrera . Olivo struck out swinging . Teahen to second on fielder 's indifference . Gordon fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 7 - Twins 10 .	Young 's slam cuts Twins ' deficit to one game