Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Drew flied out to left . Callaspo flied out to left . Hudson popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Finley grounded out to second . Carroll walked . Atkins singled to left , Carroll to second . Helton singled to center , Carroll scored , Atkins to third , Helton to second on throwing error by first baseman Jackson . G Atkins tagged out at home attempting to advance on play . Holliday doubled to right center , Helton scored . Hawpe walked . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . Torrealba grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Holliday out at third , Hawpe to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Byrnes homered to left . Tracy struck out looking . Jackson lined out to right . Hairston flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Lopez walked . Finley lined into double play , second to first , Lopez doubled off first . Carroll walked . Atkins singled to left , Carroll to second . Helton grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Montero grounded out to third . Davis struck out swinging . Drew singled to center . Callaspo grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Holliday grounded out to third . Hawpe grounded out to second . Tulowitzki singled to center . Torrealba singled to center , Tulowitzki to second . Lopez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Hudson singled to center . Byrnes grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hudson safe at second on error by second baseman Carroll . Tracy singled to center , Hudson to third , Byrnes to second . Jackson hit sacrifice fly to right , Hudson scored , Byrnes to third . Hairston grounded into double play , third to second to first , Tracy out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Finley popped out to third . Carroll grounded out to third . Atkins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Montero grounded out to catcher . Davis struck out swinging . Drew struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Helton walked . Holliday singled to left , Helton to second . Hawpe struck out swinging . Tulowitzki struck out looking . Torrealba reached on infield single to shortstop , Helton to third , Holliday to second . Lopez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Callaspo lined out to second . Hudson lined out to right . Byrnes doubled to deep right center . Nippert pitching for Diamondbacks . Tracy flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Nippert pitching for Diamondbacks . Finley grounded out to first . Carroll singled to left center . Atkins lined out to shortstop . Helton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Jackson grounded out to shortstop . Hairston flied out to center . Clark hit for Nippert . Montero singled to left . Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks . Clark struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks . Holliday homered to center . Hawpe walked . Hawpe to second on passed ball by Montero . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . Mabry hit for Lopez . Torrealba struck out looking . Hawkins pitching for Rockies . Mabry fouled out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Hawkins pitching for Rockies . Drew grounded out to first . Callaspo singled to right . Hudson flied out to left . Durbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Byrnes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Durbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Finley grounded out to first . Carroll singled to left . Atkins walked , Carroll to second . Helton doubled to deep left , Carroll scored , Atkins to third . Holliday singled to left , Atkins and Helton scored , Holliday to second advancing on throw . Hawpe doubled to deep right , Holliday scored . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . Baker hit for Hawkins . Torrealba singled to left center , Hawpe scored . Baker doubled to deep left , Torrealba scored . Medders pitching for Diamondbacks . Finley singled to right , Baker scored . Carroll doubled to right , Finley to third . Atkins walked . Affeldt pitching for Rockies . Baker in left field . Barden hit for Tracy . Helton grounded out to shortstop . 7 Runs , 8 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Hammock hit for Jackson . Buchholz pitching for Rockies . Barden grounded out to shortstop . Hammock singled to center . Hairston doubled to deep right , Hammock to third . Young hit for Medders . Montero reached on infield single to shortstop , Hammock scored , Hairston to third . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hairston scored , Montero out at second . Drew struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 4 - Rockies 11 .	Lopez gets off to winning start for Rockies vs. D - Backs