Dodgers - Top 1st . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Furcal grounded out to first . Pierre singled to center . Garciaparra grounded out to third , Pierre to second . Lieberthal grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Finley doubled to deep right center . Carroll hit by pitch . Atkins lined out to left . Helton grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Carroll out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Ethier tripled to deep right . Clark singled to center , Ethier scored . Clark caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Betemit struck out swinging . Martinez grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Holliday doubled to deep right . Hawpe walked . Torrealba flied out to center . Tulowitzki grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Hawpe out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Lowe grounded out to shortstop . Furcal grounded out to shortstop . Pierre singled to center . Pierre caught stealing second , catcher to second . Garciaparra batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Lopez grounded out to pitcher . Finley grounded out to shortstop . Carroll safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Furcal . Carroll caught stealing second , catcher to second . Atkins batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 4th . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Garciaparra lined out to left . Lieberthal grounded out to third . Ethier flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Atkins flied out to center . Helton walked . Holliday singled to right , Helton to third . Hawpe walked , Holliday to second . Torrealba singled to right , Helton and Holliday scored , Hawpe to third , Hawpe scored , Torrealba to third on throwing error by right fielder Ethier . Mabry hit for Lopez . Tulowitzki grounded out to second . Buchholz pitching for Rockies . Mabry struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 5th . Buchholz pitching for Rockies . Clark singled to center . Betemit singled to right , Clark to second . Martinez singled to left , Clark to third , Betemit to second . Lowe hit sacrifice fly to center , Clark scored , Betemit to third . Furcal grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Martinez out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Finley grounded out to shortstop . Carroll singled to center . Atkins doubled to deep left , Carroll scored . Helton singled to right center , Atkins scored . Holliday struck out looking . Tsao pitching for Dodgers . Hawpe singled to center , Helton to third , Hawpe to second advancing on throw . Torrealba grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Buchholz pitching for Rockies . Pierre struck out looking . Garciaparra singled to right . Lieberthal flied out to left . Ethier walked , Garciaparra to second . Clark grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ethier out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Tsao pitching for Dodgers . Tulowitzki grounded out to pitcher . Buchholz walked . Finley struck out swinging . Affeldt pitching for Rockies . Carroll struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Affeldt pitching for Rockies . Betemit struck out swinging . Saenz hit for Tsao . Martinez grounded out to second . Seanez pitching for Dodgers . Saenz flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Seanez pitching for Dodgers . Atkins struck out swinging . Helton grounded out to pitcher . Holliday singled to left . Hawpe doubled to right center , Holliday to third . Torrealba walked . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Tulowitzki singled to right , Holliday and Hawpe scored , Torrealba thrown out at third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Furcal singled to right . Pierre flied out to center . Garciaparra popped out to shortstop . Baker hit for Corpas . Lieberthal grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Seanez pitching for Dodgers . Baker grounded out to second . Finley reached on infield single to first . Carroll flied out to center . Atkins singled to left , Finley to second . Hawkins pitching for Rockies . Helton grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Hawkins pitching for Rockies . Ethier flied out to left . Clark grounded out to second . Betemit walked . Martinez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 2 - Rockies 7 .	Rockies rough up Lowe , cruise past Dodgers