Braves - Top 1st . Francis pitching for Rockies . Johnson singled to left . Renteria singled to center , Johnson to second . Jones grounded into double play , third to first , Johnson out at third , Renteria to second . Jones intentionally walked . Francoeur flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . James pitching for Braves . Taveras reached on bunt single to pitcher . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . Atkins grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Taveras out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Francis pitching for Rockies . McCann singled to left . Diaz singled to left , McCann to second . Wilson singled to center , McCann to third , Diaz to second . James grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , McCann out at home , Diaz to third , Wilson to second . Johnson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . James pitching for Braves . Helton struck out looking . Holliday doubled to deep right . Torrealba struck out swinging . Baker grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Francis pitching for Rockies . Renteria singled to left . Jones struck out swinging . Jones flied out to right . Francoeur singled to right , Renteria to second . McCann flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . James pitching for Braves . Carroll grounded out to shortstop . Francis grounded out to second . Taveras flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Diaz singled to left . Wilson struck out swinging . James sacrificed to catcher , Diaz to second . Johnson singled to left , Diaz scored , Johnson to second advancing on throw . Renteria singled to center , Johnson scored , Renteria to second advancing on throw . Jones grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . James pitching for Braves . Tulowitzki homered to right . Atkins grounded out to second . Helton grounded out to third . Holliday flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Jones grounded out to third . Francoeur walked . McCann flied out to center . Diaz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . James pitching for Braves . Torrealba grounded out to second . Baker grounded out to pitcher . Carroll walked . Francis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Wilson homered to left . James grounded out to shortstop . Speier pitching for Rockies . Johnson walked . Renteria lined out to shortstop . Jones doubled to deep left , Johnson to third . Jones homered to left , Johnson and Jones scored . Martin pitching for Rockies . Francoeur singled to right center . McCann grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . James pitching for Braves . Taveras singled to center . Tulowitzki struck out looking , Taveras stole second . Atkins singled to left , Taveras to third . Yates pitching for Braves . Helton singled to center , Taveras scored , Atkins to third . Holliday singled to center , Atkins scored , Helton to second . Torrealba singled to center , Helton scored , Holliday to second . Baker struck out swinging . Keppel pitching for Rockies . Carroll grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Torrealba out at second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Keppel pitching for Rockies . Diaz struck out swinging . Thorman hit for Yates . Wilson singled to right center . Thorman flied out to center . Johnson walked , Wilson to second . Affeldt pitching for Rockies . Renteria singled to center , Wilson scored , Johnson to third . Gonzalez pitching for Braves . Finley hit for Affeldt . Jones doubled to deep right , Johnson and Renteria scored , Jones thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Gonzalez pitching for Braves . Finley singled to center . Finley to second on passed ball by McCann . Taveras struck out looking . Tulowitzki flied out to center , Finley to third . McClellan pitching for Rockies . Atkins lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . McClellan pitching for Rockies . Jones struck out swinging . Francoeur struck out swinging . Langerhans in left field . Soriano pitching for Braves . McCann flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Soriano pitching for Braves . Helton walked . Holliday struck out looking . Buchholz pitching for Rockies . Torrealba grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Helton out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Buchholz pitching for Rockies . Langerhans flied out to right . Orr hit for Soriano . Wilson struck out looking . Wickman pitching for Braves . Orr grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Wickman pitching for Braves . Baker grounded out to catcher . Mabry hit for Buchholz . Carroll walked . Mabry grounded out to shortstop , Carroll to second . Taveras reached on infield single to shortstop , Carroll to third . Taveras to second on fielder 's indifference . Tulowitzki walked . Colyer pitching for Braves . Atkins doubled to deep right center , Carroll , Taveras and Tulowitzki scored . Moylan pitching for Braves . Barmes ran for Helton . Helton walked . Holliday flied out to right . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 9 - Rockies 7 .	Francoeur 's catch in ninth preserves Braves ' win