Rockies - Top 1st . Lowry pitching for Giants . Taveras walked . Tulowitzki singled to left , Taveras to third . Atkins walked , Tulowitzki to second . Helton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Taveras scored , Atkins out at second , Tulowitzki to third . Holliday struck out looking . Baker flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Fogg pitching for Rockies . Winn tripled to deep right center . Vizquel popped out to shortstop . Aurilia safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Atkins , Winn scored . Bonds walked , Aurilia to second . Durham struck out swinging . Molina singled to left , Aurilia scored , Bonds to second . Feliz homered to left , Bonds and Molina scored . Linden struck out looking . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 2nd . Lowry pitching for Giants . Torrealba grounded out to shortstop . Carroll bunt grounded out to pitcher . Fogg grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Fogg pitching for Rockies . Lowry flied out to right . Winn flied out to left . Vizquel singled to right . Aurilia doubled to right center , Vizquel to third . Bonds intentionally walked . Durham flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Lowry pitching for Giants . Taveras grounded out to second . Tulowitzki singled to right . Atkins flied out to right . Helton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Fogg pitching for Rockies . Molina flied out to right . Feliz grounded out to third . Linden grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Lowry pitching for Giants . Holliday doubled to deep right . Baker grounded out to first , Holliday to third . Torrealba reached on infield single to second , Holliday scored . Carroll struck out swinging . Fogg fouled out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Fogg pitching for Rockies . Lowry struck out swinging . Winn popped out to second . Vizquel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Lowry pitching for Giants . Taveras singled to right . Tulowitzki reached on infield single to third , Taveras to second . Atkins lined out to left . Helton walked , Taveras to third , Tulowitzki to second . Holliday grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Taveras scored , Helton out at second , Tulowitzki to third . Baker popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Fogg pitching for Rockies . Aurilia grounded out to third . Bonds grounded out to second . Correia pitching for Giants . Durham struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Correia pitching for Giants . Torrealba flied out to right . Mabry hit for Fogg . Carroll grounded out to shortstop . McClellan pitching for Rockies . Mabry struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . McClellan pitching for Rockies . Molina singled to center . Feliz grounded into double play , third to second to first , Molina out at second . Linden singled to center . Correia singled to left , Linden to second . Winn struck out looking . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Correia pitching for Giants . Taveras singled to right . Tulowitzki singled to center , Taveras to third . Kline pitching for Giants . Atkins singled to center , Taveras scored , Tulowitzki to second . Hennessey pitching for Giants . Helton grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Atkins out at second , Tulowitzki to third . Affeldt pitching for Rockies . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Affeldt pitching for Rockies . Vizquel singled to left . Aurilia doubled to right , Vizquel to third . Bonds intentionally walked . Durham hit sacrifice fly to center , Vizquel scored , Aurilia scored , Bonds to third on throwing error by center fielder Taveras . Bonds scored on Affeldt 's wild pitch . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Feliz grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 8th . Hennessey pitching for Giants . Baker fouled out to first . Torrealba grounded out to third . Carroll flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Bautista pitching for Rockies . Sweeney hit for Hennessey . Linden grounded out to shortstop . Sweeney doubled to center . Winn singled to left , Sweeney to third . Vizquel grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Sweeney scored , Winn out at second . Sanchez pitching for Giants . Sweeney in left field . Iannetta hit for Bautista . Aurilia struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Sanchez pitching for Giants . Iannetta walked . Taveras struck out swinging . Tulowitzki walked , Iannetta to second . Benitez pitching for Giants . Atkins struck out looking . Helton singled to center , Iannetta scored , Tulowitzki to second . Holliday grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Helton out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 5 - Giants 9 .	Feliz provides power as Giants snap 3 - game skid