Rockies - Top 1st . Ortiz pitching for Giants . Finley grounded out to second . Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop . Holliday singled to right . Helton singled to right center , Holliday to third . Atkins walked , Helton to second . Hawpe singled to center , Holliday and Helton scored , Atkins to second . Iannetta struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Buchholz pitching for Rockies . Roberts tripled to deep right center . Vizquel struck out swinging . Klesko reached on infield single to third , Roberts scored . Bonds grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Klesko out at second . Durham doubled to right , Bonds to third . Molina singled to right , Bonds and Durham scored . Feliz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Molina out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Ortiz pitching for Giants . Quintanilla struck out looking . Buchholz struck out looking . Finley flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Buchholz pitching for Rockies . Winn grounded out to pitcher . Ortiz struck out looking . Roberts grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Ortiz pitching for Giants . Tulowitzki grounded out to third . Holliday homered to right . Helton grounded out to third . Atkins struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Buchholz pitching for Rockies . Vizquel struck out looking . Klesko grounded out to second . Bonds fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Ortiz pitching for Giants . Hawpe doubled to deep center . Iannetta doubled to deep center , Hawpe scored . Quintanilla singled to center , Iannetta to third . Buchholz sacrificed to pitcher , Quintanilla to second . Finley intentionally walked . Tulowitzki reached on infield single to shortstop , Iannetta scored , Quintanilla to third , Finley to second . Sanchez pitching for Giants . Holliday doubled to deep left , Quintanilla , Finley and Tulowitzki scored , Holliday to third advancing on throw . Helton struck out looking . Atkins flied out to center . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Buchholz pitching for Rockies . Durham grounded out to first . Molina singled to center . Feliz singled to left , Molina to second . Sweeney hit for Sanchez . Winn singled to right , Molina to third , Feliz to second . Arias pitching for Rockies . Sweeney doubled to deep right , Molina and Feliz scored , Winn to third . Roberts grounded out to second , Winn scored , Sweeney to third . Chulk pitching for Giants . Vizquel lined out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Chulk pitching for Giants . Hawpe flied out to right . Iannetta doubled to deep right . Quintanilla lined into double play , to third , Iannetta doubled off third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 5th . Klesko reached on infield single to shortstop . Bonds struck out swinging . Durham grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Klesko out at second . Molina flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Chulk pitching for Giants . Arias struck out swinging . Finley grounded out to pitcher . Tulowitzki flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Feliz grounded out to third . Winn flied out to left . Chulk flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Chulk pitching for Giants . Holliday popped out to first . Helton doubled to left center . Taschner pitching for Giants . Atkins intentionally walked . Hawpe singled to center , Helton scored , Atkins to second . Iannetta walked , Atkins to third , Hawpe to second . Quintanilla struck out swinging . Arias struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Roberts walked . Vizquel grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Roberts out at second . Klesko grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Taschner pitching for Giants . Finley reached on infield single to second . Tulowitzki flied out to center . Holliday grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Finley out at second . Holliday to second on passed ball by Molina . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Helton flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Bonds grounded out to first . Durham reached on infield single to second . Molina singled to right , Durham to second . Feliz singled to center , Durham scored , Molina to second . Aurilia hit for Taschner . Winn grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Molina out at third , Feliz to second . Kline pitching for Giants . Aurilia flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Kline pitching for Giants . Atkins singled to center . Hawpe lined out to left . Atkins to second on passed ball by Molina . Baker hit for Quintanilla . Iannetta flied out to center . Carroll hit for Corpas . Baker walked . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Carroll at second base . Linden hit for Roberts . Carroll flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 9th . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Linden struck out swinging . Niekro hit for Klesko . Vizquel lined out to left . Niekro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 9 - Giants 7 .	Holliday party : Rockies carried by new third hitter