Rockies - Top 1st . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Finley grounded out to second . Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop . Holliday doubled to deep right . Helton grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Buchholz pitching for Rockies . Kennedy grounded out to first . Ludwick singled to center . Pujols grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ludwick out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Atkins grounded out to third . Hawpe hit ground rule double to deep center . Torrealba walked . Quintanilla singled to left , Hawpe thrown out at home , Torrealba to third . Buchholz struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Buchholz pitching for Rockies . Duncan fouled out to third . Rolen grounded out to shortstop . Edmonds singled to right center . Molina flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Finley grounded out to second . Tulowitzki grounded out to second . Holliday homered to left center . Helton singled to center . Atkins grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Helton out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Buchholz pitching for Rockies . Eckstein flied out to left . Thompson flied out to left . Kennedy grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Hawpe singled to left center . Torrealba grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hawpe out at second . Quintanilla lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Buchholz pitching for Rockies . Ludwick flied out to left . Pujols walked . Duncan grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Pujols out at second . Duncan to second on wild pitch by Buchholz . Rolen flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Buchholz struck out swinging . Finley grounded out to first . Tulowitzki fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Buchholz pitching for Rockies . Edmonds singled to right . Molina popped out to second . Eckstein singled to left center , Edmonds to third . Schumaker hit for Thompson . Schumaker popped out to shortstop . Kennedy grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Johnson pitching for Cardinals . Holliday hit ground rule double to deep right . Helton flied out to left . Atkins intentionally walked . Hawpe grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Atkins out at second , Holliday to third . Jimenez pitching for Cardinals . Torrealba flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Buchholz pitching for Rockies . Ludwick grounded out to shortstop . Pujols grounded out to third . Duncan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Baker hit for Buchholz . Jimenez pitching for Cardinals . Quintanilla popped out to third . Baker walked . Finley grounded out to second , Baker to second . Bautista pitching for Rockies . Tulowitzki grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Bautista pitching for Rockies . Rolen struck out swinging . Edmonds singled to left . Molina singled to center , Edmonds to second . Arias pitching for Rockies . Spiezio hit for Jimenez . Eckstein hit by pitch , Edmonds to third , Molina to second . Spiezio doubled to right , Edmonds and Molina scored , Eckstein to third . Kennedy singled to right , Eckstein and Spiezio scored . Ludwick walked , Kennedy to second . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Pujols grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ludwick out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . Helton singled to left . Taguchi hit for Duncan . Affeldt pitching for Rockies . Atkins grounded into double play , third to second to first , Helton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Affeldt pitching for Rockies . Taguchi struck out swinging . Rolen flied out to left . Taguchi in left field . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Edmonds struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Hawpe grounded out to first . Torrealba grounded out to second . Quintanilla lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 1 - Cardinals 4 .	Cards top Rockies