Giants - Top 1st . Cook pitching for Rockies . Winn grounded out to shortstop . Vizquel grounded out to shortstop . Aurilia flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Lowry pitching for Giants . Carroll grounded out to shortstop . Tulowitzki struck out looking . Holliday struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Cook pitching for Rockies . Bonds grounded out to second . Durham popped out to first . Klesko flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Lowry pitching for Giants . Atkins lined out to shortstop . Baker struck out looking . Torrealba walked . Hawpe grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Cook pitching for Rockies . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Lewis flied out to center . Lowry walked . Winn singled to right , Lowry to second . Vizquel grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Lowry pitching for Giants . Finley reached on infield single to shortstop . Cook sacrificed to third , Finley to second , Cook safe at first on error by pitcher Lowry . Carroll sacrificed to catcher , Finley to third , Cook to second . Tulowitzki doubled to deep left center , Finley and Cook scored . Holliday grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Tulowitzki scored , Holliday to second on throwing error by shortstop Vizquel . Atkins walked . Baker grounded into double play , second to first to shortstop , Atkins out at second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Aurilia lined out to center . Bonds doubled to deep right . Durham grounded out to second , Bonds to third . Klesko flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Lowry pitching for Giants . Torrealba walked . Hawpe singled to center , Torrealba to third . Finley popped out to shortstop . Cook sacrificed to first , Torrealba scored , Hawpe to second . Carroll lined out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Molina walked . Lewis grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Molina out at second . Lowry doubled to deep right . Winn grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Lowry pitching for Giants . Tulowitzki singled to right . Holliday flied out to center . Atkins flied out to left . Tulowitzki caught stealing second , catcher to second . Baker batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Vizquel walked . Aurilia grounded out to third , Vizquel to second . Bonds grounded out to first , Vizquel to third . Durham singled to center , Vizquel scored . Klesko walked , Durham to second . Molina singled to center , Durham scored , Klesko to second . Lewis singled to center , Klesko scored , Molina to second . Lowry grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Lowry pitching for Giants . Baker singled to center . Torrealba grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Baker out at second . Affeldt pitching for Rockies . Hawpe grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Affeldt pitching for Rockies . Winn walked . Vizquel sacrificed to pitcher , Winn to second . Aurilia flied out to left . Carroll at third base . Atkins at first base . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Quintanilla at second base . Bonds intentionally walked . Durham flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Lowry pitching for Giants . Finley singled to right . Quintanilla grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Finley out at second . Carroll walked . Tulowitzki flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Klesko singled to center . Klesko caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Molina struck out swinging . Lewis batting . Sweeney walked , Lewis to second . Correia pitching for Giants . Winn flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Correia pitching for Giants . Holliday tripled to deep right . Mabry hit for Corpas . Atkins hit sacrifice fly to right , Holliday scored . Mabry flied out to left . Kline pitching for Giants . Torrealba singled to center . Hawpe singled to right , Torrealba to third . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Finley grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hawpe out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Vizquel flied out to right . Aurilia singled to right . Ortmeier ran for Bonds . Bonds walked , Aurilia to second . Durham lined into double play , shortstop to second , Aurilia doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 3 - Rockies 5 .	Cook gets better of Bonds in Rockies ' 5 - 3 victory