Rockies - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Taveras popped out to second . Matsui grounded out to shortstop . Holliday singled to center . Helton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Fogg pitching for Rockies . Drew grounded out to shortstop . Jackson reached on infield single to second . Jackson to second on wild pitch by Fogg . Hudson walked . Byrnes struck out swinging . Reynolds grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Hawpe singled to center . Atkins grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hawpe out at second . Tulowitzki struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Fogg pitching for Rockies . Quentin singled to right center . Montero flied out to center . Hammock singled to left , Quentin to second . Hernandez singled to center , Quentin to third , Hammock to second . Drew grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hernandez out at second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Torrealba walked . Fogg bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Torrealba out at second . Taveras struck out swinging . Matsui grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Fogg out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Fogg pitching for Rockies . Jackson doubled to deep left center . Jackson to third on wild pitch by Fogg . Hudson walked . Byrnes grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Hudson out at second . Reynolds hit sacrifice fly to left , Jackson scored . Byrnes stole second . Quentin walked . Montero grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Holliday popped out to second . Helton flied out to left . Hawpe singled to right . Atkins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Fogg pitching for Rockies . Hammock grounded out to second . Hernandez popped out to shortstop . Drew singled to center . Drew stole second , Drew safe at third on throwing error by catcher Torrealba . Jackson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Tulowitzki grounded out to second . Torrealba singled to right . Fogg singled to left , Torrealba to second . Taveras singled to right , Torrealba scored , Fogg to second . Matsui grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Taveras out at second , Fogg to third . Matsui stole second . Holliday struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Fogg pitching for Rockies . Hudson lined out to center . Byrnes walked . Reynolds grounded into double play , third to second to first , Byrnes out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Helton doubled to center . Helton picked off second . Hawpe struck out looking . Atkins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Fogg pitching for Rockies . Quentin grounded out to third . Montero grounded out to first . Hammock grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Tulowitzki struck out looking . Torrealba reached on infield single to third . Fogg sacrificed to first , Torrealba to second . Hawkins pitching for Rockies . Taveras lined out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Hawkins pitching for Rockies . Hernandez grounded out to second . Drew flied out to left . Jackson grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Matsui flied out to left . Holliday flied out to right . Helton doubled to right . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Hawpe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Hudson walked . Byrnes struck out looking . Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks . Reynolds struck out swinging . Hudson caught stealing second , catcher to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Carroll ran for Atkins . Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks . Atkins walked . Tulowitzki doubled to right , Carroll scored . Spilborghs hit for Corpas . Torrealba sacrificed to third , Tulowitzki to third . Spilborghs hit sacrifice fly to center , Tulowitzki scored . Carroll at third base . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Taveras popped out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Snyder hit for Montero . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Quentin struck out swinging . Snyder grounded out to shortstop . Hammock grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 3 - Diamondbacks 1 .	Tulowitzki 's RBI double in ninth inning lifts Rockies