Cardinals - Top 1st . Hirsh pitching for Rockies . Miles grounded out to shortstop . Taguchi hit by pitch . Pujols singled to center , Taguchi to second . Edmonds flied out to center . Rolen doubled to deep left , Taguchi scored , Pujols to third . Pujols scored , Rolen to third on wild pitch by Hirsh . Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals . Matsui walked . Matsui stole second . Tulowitzki singled to center , Matsui to third . Holliday grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Matsui scored , Tulowitzki out at second . Helton popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Hirsh pitching for Rockies . Bennett flied out to left . Kennedy grounded out to second . Wellemeyer popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals . Atkins flied out to center . Hawpe homered to right . Torrealba grounded out to shortstop . Finley grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Hirsh pitching for Rockies . Miles grounded out to shortstop . Taguchi lined out to shortstop . Pujols fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals . Hirsh struck out swinging . Matsui popped out to second . Tulowitzki singled to center . Holliday singled to center , Tulowitzki to third . Helton fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Hirsh pitching for Rockies . Edmonds tripled to deep center . Rolen doubled to deep left center , Edmonds scored . Encarnacion grounded out to third . Bennett struck out looking . Kennedy intentionally walked . Wellemeyer fouled out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals . Atkins singled to right center . Hawpe grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Atkins out at second . Torrealba grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Hirsh pitching for Rockies . Miles singled to right center . Taguchi singled to left , Miles to second . Pujols homered to center , Miles and Taguchi scored . Edmonds homered to right . Rolen struck out looking . Encarnacion doubled to center . Bennett flied out to left . Kennedy intentionally walked . Martin pitching for Rockies . Martin pitching for Rockies . Wellemeyer singled to center , Encarnacion scored , Kennedy to third . Miles grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Wellemeyer out at second . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals . Finley singled to center . Martin sacrificed to third , Finley to second . Matsui struck out swinging . Tulowitzki struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Martin pitching for Rockies . Taguchi struck out looking . Pujols walked . Edmonds flied out to center . Rolen lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Holliday homered to left center . Helton grounded out to third . Atkins flied out to right . Hawpe struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Martin pitching for Rockies . Encarnacion lined out to center . Bennett flied out to center . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Ludwick in right field . Kennedy flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Torrealba hit by pitch . Baker hit for Martin . Finley popped out to third . Baker doubled to deep center , Torrealba scored . Hawkins pitching for Rockies . Matsui flied into double play , left to second , Baker doubled off second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Hawkins pitching for Rockies . Ludwick lined out to left . Miles grounded out to pitcher . Taguchi grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . Holliday singled to center . Helton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Holliday to second . Johnson pitching for Cardinals . Helton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Holliday safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Kennedy . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Hawpe flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 9th . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . Edmonds singled to right center . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Rolen grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Edmonds out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Torrealba grounded out to catcher . Spilborghs hit for Corpas . Finley grounded out to second . Spilborghs struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 8 - Rockies 4 .	Wellemeyer lifts Cards to snap Rockies ' win streak