Rockies - Top 1st . Traber pitching for Nationals . Taveras popped out to first . Matsui flied out to right . Holliday hit by pitch . Helton grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Cook pitching for Rockies . Lopez fouled out to left . Belliard walked . Zimmerman singled to left , Belliard to second . Church grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Zimmerman out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Traber pitching for Nationals . Atkins flied out to center . Spilborghs doubled to deep left center . Tulowitzki grounded out to first , Spilborghs to third . Iannetta flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Cook pitching for Rockies . Kearns singled to right . Fick struck out swinging . Schneider grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Kearns out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Traber pitching for Nationals . Cook walked . Taveras reached on bunt single to pitcher , Cook to second . Matsui sacrificed to pitcher , Cook to third , Taveras to second , Matsui safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Traber . Cook to third on throwing error by pitcher Traber . Holliday grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cook scored , Matsui out at second , Taveras to third . Helton hit sacrifice fly to left , Taveras scored . Atkins singled to center , Holliday to third . Spilborghs grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Atkins out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Cook pitching for Rockies . Langerhans grounded out to second . Traber struck out swinging . Lopez walked . Belliard grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Traber pitching for Nationals . Tulowitzki safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Belliard . Iannetta fouled out to catcher . Cook sacrificed to pitcher , Tulowitzki to second . Taveras lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Zimmerman struck out looking . Church doubled to deep center . Kearns struck out swinging . Fick grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Schroder pitching for Nationals . Matsui grounded out to third . Holliday singled to center . Helton struck out swinging , Holliday stole second , Holliday to third on throwing error by catcher Schneider . Atkins flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Schneider flied out to right . Langerhans struck out swinging . Schroder struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Schroder pitching for Nationals . Spilborghs grounded out to pitcher . Tulowitzki grounded out to third . Iannetta grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Lopez walked . Lopez stole second . Belliard grounded out to catcher . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Church flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Schroder pitching for Nationals . Cook struck out looking . Taveras reached on bunt single to pitcher . Taveras stole second . Matsui walked . Holliday walked , Taveras to third , Matsui to second . King pitching for Nationals . Helton hit sacrifice fly to left , Taveras scored , Matsui to third . Rivera pitching for Nationals . Langerhans in left field . Logan in center field . Atkins grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Holliday out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Kearns safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Atkins . Fick flied out to center . Schneider singled to center , Kearns to second . Langerhans grounded out to first , Kearns to third , Schneider to second . Logan struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 8th . Rivera pitching for Nationals . Spilborghs singled to center . Tulowitzki singled to right , Spilborghs to second . Iannetta grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Spilborghs out at third , Tulowitzki to second . Hawpe hit for Cook . Hawpe struck out looking . Taveras grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Iannetta out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Julio pitching for Rockies . Lopez singled to right . Belliard singled to right , Lopez to third . Zimmerman singled to center , Lopez scored , Belliard to third . Young hit for Rivera . Young grounded out to first , Zimmerman to second . Kearns popped into double play , second to shortstop , Zimmerman doubled off second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Rauch pitching for Nationals . Matsui grounded out to shortstop . Holliday grounded out to third . Helton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Fick lined out to first . Schneider flied out to right . Langerhans struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 3 - Nationals 1 .	Rockies roll behind Cook 's career night on mound