Padres - Top 1st . Cook pitching for Rockies . Giles singled to right . Barrett doubled to deep right , Giles to third . Gonzalez singled to right , Giles scored , Barrett to third . Greene grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Barrett scored , Gonzalez out at second . Branyan flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Germano pitching for Padres . Carroll flied out to right . Matsui fouled out to third . Holliday homered to right . Helton grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Cook pitching for Rockies . Kouzmanoff grounded out to pitcher . Cruz Jr grounded out to second . Giles struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Germano pitching for Padres . Atkins safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Kouzmanoff . Hawpe grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Atkins out at second . Spilborghs grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 3rd . Cook pitching for Rockies . Germano grounded out to second . Giles doubled to deep right . Giles caught stealing third , catcher to third . Barrett grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Germano pitching for Padres . Iannetta struck out looking . Cook singled to left . Carroll grounded into double play , second to first , Cook out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Greene struck out swinging . Branyan flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Germano pitching for Padres . Matsui grounded out to shortstop . Holliday hit ground rule double to deep right center . Helton flied out to center , Holliday to third . Atkins singled to shallow left , Holliday scored . Hawpe popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Kouzmanoff singled to center . Cruz Jr grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kouzmanoff out at second . Giles grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Germano pitching for Padres . Spilborghs homered to center . Iannetta lined out to second . Cook grounded out to second . Carroll flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Germano grounded out to third . Giles lined out to center . Barrett grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Germano pitching for Padres . Matsui singled to left . Holliday doubled to deep left , Matsui scored . Helton walked . Cameron pitching for Padres . Atkins singled to deep left center , Holliday scored , Helton to second , Helton scored , Atkins to third on error by left fielder Branyan . Hawpe walked . Spilborghs hit sacrifice fly to center , Atkins scored . Iannetta struck out swinging . Cook singled to right , Hawpe to second . Carroll struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 7th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Greene doubled to deep left . Branyan flied out to center , Greene to third . Kouzmanoff lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Cameron pitching for Padres . Matsui struck out swinging . Holliday singled to center . Helton singled to center , Holliday to second . Atkins singled to center , Holliday scored , Helton to third . Hawpe popped out to second . Spilborghs reached on infield single to shortstop , Helton scored , Atkins to second . Meredith pitching for Padres . Blum at third base . Iannetta struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Cruz Jr grounded out to shortstop . Giles flied out to right . Blum grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Meredith pitching for Padres . Cook singled to center . Carroll grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cook safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Greene . Matsui grounded out to second , Cook scored , Carroll to third . Holliday walked . Baker hit for Helton . Sullivan ran for Holliday . Baker grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Sullivan out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Padres - Top 9th . Sullivan in center field . Baker at first base . Spilborghs in left field . Cook pitching for Rockies . Giles reached on infield single to second . Barrett grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Giles out at second . Gonzalez lined out to second . Greene flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 2 - Rockies 10 .	Holliday sparks Rockies ; Cook shuts down Padres