Brewers - Top 1st . Hirsh pitching for Rockies . Hart flied out to center . Hardy grounded out to third . Braun grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Capuano pitching for Brewers . Carroll flied out to left . Tulowitzki singled to left . Holliday flied out to center . Helton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Hirsh pitching for Rockies . Fielder walked . Hall singled to left , Fielder to second . Jenkins grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hall out at second , Fielder to third . Estrada hit sacrifice fly to center , Fielder scored . Counsell flied out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Capuano pitching for Brewers . Atkins doubled to deep left . Spilborghs reached on infield single to third , Atkins to third . Hawpe struck out swinging . Bellorin grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Spilborghs out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Hirsh pitching for Rockies . Capuano struck out swinging . Hart grounded out to shortstop . Hardy doubled to deep center . Braun walked . Fielder flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Capuano pitching for Brewers . Hirsh walked . Hirsh picked off first . Carroll grounded out to shortstop . Tulowitzki walked . Holliday flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Hirsh pitching for Rockies . Hall flied out to right . Jenkins grounded out to second . Estrada flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Capuano pitching for Brewers . Helton struck out looking . Atkins grounded out to shortstop . Spilborghs walked . Hawpe grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Torrealba catching . Hirsh pitching for Rockies . Counsell safe at first on error by right fielder Hawpe , Counsell to second advancing on play . Capuano sacrificed to first , Counsell to third . Hart hit sacrifice fly to left , Counsell scored . Hardy flied out to left . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Capuano pitching for Brewers . Torrealba grounded out to shortstop . Hirsh flied out to center . Carroll flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Hirsh pitching for Rockies . Braun grounded out to shortstop . Fielder tripled to deep center . Hall hit sacrifice fly to left , Fielder scored . Jenkins grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Capuano pitching for Brewers . Tulowitzki homered to center . Holliday reached on infield single to shortstop . Helton singled to right , Holliday to third . Atkins singled to left , Holliday scored , Helton to second . Villanueva pitching for Brewers . Spilborghs doubled to left , Helton scored , Atkins to third . Hawpe intentionally walked . Torrealba popped out to first . Sullivan hit for Hirsh . Sullivan reached on infield single to second , Atkins scored , Spilborghs to third , Hawpe to second . Carroll grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Spilborghs scored , Sullivan out at second , Hawpe to third . Tulowitzki flied out to center . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Affeldt pitching for Rockies . Estrada grounded out to first . Counsell grounded out to second . Mench hit for Villanueva . Mench grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Linebrink pitching for Brewers . Holliday flied out to center . Helton homered to right . Atkins walked . Spilborghs grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Atkins out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Julio pitching for Rockies . Hart struck out swinging . Hardy grounded out to shortstop . Braun singled to center . Fielder grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Braun out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Shouse pitching for Brewers . Hawpe walked . Torrealba singled to left , Hawpe to second . Baker hit for Julio . Spurling pitching for Brewers . Baker singled to right , Hawpe to third , Torrealba to second . Carroll safe at first on error by first baseman Fielder , Hawpe and Torrealba scored , Baker to third . Tulowitzki struck out looking . Holliday flied out to center . Helton homered to right center , Baker and Carroll scored . Wise pitching for Brewers . Atkins singled to left . Spilborghs singled to right center , Atkins to second . Hawpe walked , Atkins to third , Spilborghs to second . Torrealba flied out to right . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 9th . Baker at first base . Speier pitching for Rockies . Hall doubled to center . Jenkins doubled to deep center , Hall scored . Estrada grounded out to pitcher . Counsell grounded out to second , Jenkins to third . Dillon hit for Wise . Dillon flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 4 - Rockies 11 .	Helton homers twice as Rockies handle Brewers