Nationals - Top 1st . Francis pitching for Rockies . Logan flied out to center . Jimenez walked . Jimenez stole second . Zimmerman singled to center , Jimenez to third . Young singled to center , Jimenez scored , Zimmerman to second . Kearns flied out to left . Pena struck out looking . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Hill pitching for Nationals . Matsui singled to right center . Matsui stole second . Tulowitzki singled to right , Matsui scored . Holliday struck out swinging . Helton lined out to center . Atkins flied out to center . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Francis pitching for Rockies . Belliard singled to right center . Flores lined out to shortstop . Hill sacrificed to catcher , Belliard to second . Logan struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Hill pitching for Nationals . Hawpe struck out looking . Torrealba grounded out to third . Sullivan flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Francis pitching for Rockies . Jimenez grounded out to shortstop . Zimmerman homered to right . Young grounded out to first . Kearns lined out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Hill pitching for Nationals . Francis grounded out to shortstop . Matsui tripled to deep right . Tulowitzki flied out to center . Holliday flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Pena grounded out to second . Belliard reached on infield single to shortstop . Flores struck out swinging . Hill grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Hill pitching for Nationals . Helton doubled to deep right . Atkins flied out to right , Helton to third . Hawpe struck out looking . Torrealba grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Logan grounded out to third . Jimenez grounded out to shortstop . Zimmerman flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Hill pitching for Nationals . Sullivan grounded out to second . Francis grounded out to shortstop . Matsui struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Young struck out swinging . Kearns lined out to left . Pena singled to center . Belliard flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Hill pitching for Nationals . Tulowitzki struck out looking . Holliday flied out to center . Helton grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Flores singled to right . Hill grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Flores safe at second on throwing error by catcher Torrealba . Logan bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Flores out at third , Hill to second . Jimenez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hill to third , Logan safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Matsui . Buchholz pitching for Rockies . Zimmerman singled to left , Hill and Logan scored , Jimenez to second . Young grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Zimmerman out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 4 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Fick at first base . Hill pitching for Nationals . Atkins lined out to center . Hawpe flied out to center . Torrealba grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Buchholz pitching for Rockies . Kearns grounded out to shortstop . Pena homered to right center . Belliard flied out to right . Flores struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Ayala pitching for Nationals . Sullivan flied out to left . Stewart hit for Buchholz . Stewart grounded out to pitcher . Matsui flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Batista hit for Ayala . Batista grounded out to shortstop . Logan struck out looking . Jimenez lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Cordero pitching for Nationals . Tulowitzki singled to center . Holliday homered to right , Tulowitzki scored . Helton reached on infield single to shortstop . Atkins doubled to deep left , Helton to third . Carroll ran for Atkins . Hawpe walked . Rauch pitching for Nationals . Torrealba singled to right center , Helton and Carroll scored , Hawpe to second . Sullivan sacrificed to catcher , Hawpe to third , Torrealba to second . Spilborghs hit for Fuentes . Spilborghs grounded out to first . Matsui safe at first on error by shortstop Jimenez , Hawpe scored , Torrealba to third . 5 Runs , 10 Hits , 2 Errors . Final score : Nationals 5 - Rockies 6 .	Rockies ' stunning ninth - inning rally subdues Nats