Rockies - Top 1st . Durbin pitching for Phillies . Sullivan walked . Tulowitzki singled to left , Sullivan to second , Sullivan scored , Tulowitzki to second on error by left fielder Burrell . Holliday walked . Helton struck out swinging . Atkins singled to left , Tulowitzki scored , Holliday to second . Hawpe struck out swinging . Iannetta walked , Holliday to third , Atkins to second . Quintanilla singled to left , Holliday scored , Atkins to third , Iannetta to second . Francis struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Francis pitching for Rockies . Rollins singled to left . Utley grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rollins out at second . Burrell struck out swinging . Howard singled to right center , Utley to third . Utley scored , Howard to second on passed ball by Iannetta . Rowand singled to center , Howard scored , Rowand to second advancing on throw . Werth walked . Helms doubled to deep right center , Rowand and Werth scored . Ruiz intentionally walked . Durbin grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Durbin pitching for Phillies . Sullivan singled to center . Tulowitzki singled to center , Sullivan to second . Geary pitching for Phillies . Holliday grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Tulowitzki out at second , Sullivan to third . Helton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Francis pitching for Rockies . Rollins grounded out to shortstop . Utley hit by pitch . Burrell flied out to center . Howard walked , Utley to second . Rowand grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Howard out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Geary pitching for Phillies . Atkins grounded out to third . Hawpe struck out looking . Iannetta grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Francis pitching for Rockies . Werth grounded out to third . Helms grounded out to shortstop . Ruiz singled to left center . Geary struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Geary pitching for Phillies . Quintanilla singled to left . Francis sacrificed to catcher , Quintanilla to second . Sullivan grounded out to shortstop . Tulowitzki walked . Holliday flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Rollins reached on infield single to third . Rollins stole second . Utley homered to right , Rollins scored . Burrell singled to left . Howard flied out to center . Rowand walked , Burrell to second . Buchholz pitching for Rockies . Werth safe at first on error by shortstop Tulowitzki , Burrell scored , Rowand to third . Dobbs hit for Helms . Werth stole second . Dobbs intentionally walked . Ruiz grounded out to third , Rowand scored , Werth to third , Dobbs to second . LaForest hit for Geary . LaForest flied out to left . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 5th . Dobbs at third base . Condrey pitching for Phillies . Helton lined out to shortstop . Atkins homered to left . Hawpe struck out swinging . Iannetta lined out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Buchholz pitching for Rockies . Rollins flied out to center . Utley walked . Burrell singled to left , Utley to second . Serafini pitching for Rockies . Utley to third , Burrell to second on balk by Serafini . Howard walked . Ortiz pitching for Rockies . Spilborghs in right field . Rowand singled to left , Utley scored , Burrell to third , Howard to second . Werth hit by pitch , Burrell scored , Howard to third , Rowand to second . Dobbs hit sacrifice fly to left , Howard scored , Rowand to third . Ruiz grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Davis pitching for Phillies . Quintanilla struck out swinging . Spilborghs popped out to second . Sullivan flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Morillo pitching for Rockies . Barajas hit for Davis . Barajas grounded out to first . Rollins flied out to center . Utley lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Alfonseca pitching for Phillies . Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop . Holliday struck out swinging . Helton hit by pitch . Romero pitching for Phillies . Atkins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Julio pitching for Rockies . Carroll at shortstop . Burrell walked . Bourn ran for Burrell . Howard struck out swinging . Rowand flied out to right . Werth doubled to deep right , Bourn scored . Dobbs grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Bourn in left field . Nunez at third base . Romero pitching for Phillies . Carroll lined out to right . Iannetta flied out to right . Quintanilla grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Baker in right field . Koshansky at first base . Stewart at third base . Spilborghs in left field . Ruiz grounded out to third . Iguchi hit for Romero . Iguchi walked . Rollins singled to center , Iguchi to second . Utley struck out looking . Bourn grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Mesa pitching for Phillies . Spilborghs flied out to center . Sullivan fouled out to catcher . Barmes hit for Fuentes . Barmes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 4 - Phillies 12 .	Phils rock Francis , ' pen shuts down Colorado