Marlins - Top 1st . Morales pitching for Rockies . Ramirez singled to left . Ramirez caught stealing second , catcher to second . Uggla grounded out to pitcher . Hermida struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Olsen pitching for Marlins . Carroll grounded out to third . Tulowitzki walked . Holliday singled to left , Tulowitzki to second . Helton grounded into double play , third to second to first , Holliday out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Morales pitching for Rockies . Cabrera struck out looking . Ross flied out to right . Wood grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Olsen pitching for Marlins . Atkins homered to left . Spilborghs reached on infield single to shortstop . Baker singled to right center , Spilborghs to second . Spilborghs to third , Baker to second on wild pitch by Olsen . Iannetta homered to right center , Spilborghs and Baker scored . Morales struck out looking . Carroll fouled out to first . Tulowitzki flied out to right . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Morales pitching for Rockies . Treanor struck out swinging . Carroll popped out to second . Olsen struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Olsen pitching for Marlins . Holliday singled to deep left . Helton singled to left , Holliday to second . Atkins singled to left , Holliday to third , Helton to second . Spilborghs walked , Holliday scored , Helton to third , Atkins to second . Wolf pitching for Marlins . Baker struck out swinging . Iannetta safe at first on error by first baseman Wood , Helton scored , Atkins to third , Spilborghs to second . Morales struck out looking . Carroll grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Iannetta out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 4th . Morales pitching for Rockies . Ramirez grounded out to third . Uggla grounded out to shortstop . Hermida grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Wolf pitching for Marlins . Tulowitzki singled to left . Holliday homered to left , Tulowitzki scored . Helton walked . Atkins flied out to center . Spilborghs struck out looking . Baker singled to left , Helton to second . Iannetta flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Morales pitching for Rockies . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Ross flied out to right . Wood popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Zarate pitching for Marlins . Morales singled to center . Carroll lined out to right . Tulowitzki popped out to third . Holliday doubled to deep left , Morales to third . Helton homered to right , Morales and Holliday scored . Atkins singled to center . Spilborghs singled to center , Atkins to second . Baker struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Morales pitching for Rockies . Treanor singled to left . Carroll singled to right center , Treanor to second . Abercrombie hit for Zarate . Abercrombie grounded out to third , Treanor to third , Carroll to second . Ramirez popped out to second . Uggla struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Andino at shortstop . Garcia pitching for Marlins . Wood at second base . Hoover at first base . Iannetta struck out swinging . Quintanilla hit for Morales . Quintanilla struck out swinging . Carroll flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Julio pitching for Rockies . Quintanilla at shortstop . Hermida struck out swinging . Cabrera singled to left . Amezaga ran for Cabrera . Ross flied out to left . Wood struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Wood at third base . Smith hit for Julio . Amezaga at second base . Garcia pitching for Marlins . Smith fouled out to third . Holliday struck out swinging . Helton singled to center . Koshansky ran for Helton . Stewart hit for Atkins . Stewart grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Smith in right field . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Koshansky at first base . Stewart at third base . Baker in left field . Treanor grounded out to third . Carroll fouled out to first . Andino doubled to deep left . Hoover grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Carvajal pitching for Marlins . Spilborghs singled to left . Baker singled to center , Spilborghs to second . Iannetta struck out swinging . Quintanilla doubled to right , Spilborghs scored , Baker to third . Carroll hit sacrifice fly to center , Baker scored , Carroll to first on error by center fielder Ross . Smith lined out to second , Quintanilla to third on throwing error by second baseman Amezaga . Bellorin hit for Fuentes . Bellorin popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Linden hit for Carvajal . Linden grounded out to shortstop . Hermida grounded out to second . Amezaga flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 0 - Rockies 13 .	Helton 's 300th career HR helps Rockies rip Marlins