Rockies - Top 1st . Penny pitching for Dodgers . Matsui flied out to left . Tulowitzki popped out to second . Holliday grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Pierre grounded out to shortstop . Kemp grounded out to third . Loney singled to center . Kent walked , Loney to second . Loney to third , Kent to second on passed ball by Torrealba . Martin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Penny pitching for Dodgers . Helton singled to left center . Atkins struck out swinging . Hawpe fouled out to third . Torrealba flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Ethier grounded out to second . LaRoche struck out swinging . Hu reached on infield single to pitcher . Penny grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Penny pitching for Dodgers . Sullivan hit by pitch . Jimenez sacrificed to first , Sullivan to second . Matsui singled to left center , Sullivan scored , Matsui scored on throwing error by catcher Martin . Tulowitzki flied out to right . Holliday singled to center . Helton lined out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Pierre grounded out to shortstop . Kemp popped out to second . Loney singled to left center . Kent grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Penny pitching for Dodgers . Atkins popped out to first . Hawpe singled to center . Torrealba struck out swinging . Hawpe to second on wild pitch by Penny . Sullivan walked . Jimenez fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Martin walked . Ethier grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Martin out at second . LaRoche singled to center . Hu homered to left , LaRoche scored . Penny grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Penny pitching for Dodgers . Matsui walked . Tulowitzki flied out to center , Matsui to second . Holliday reached on infield single to third , Matsui to third . Helton singled to left center , Matsui scored , Holliday to third . Atkins walked , Helton to second . Hawpe grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Holliday scored , Atkins out at second , Helton to third . Torrealba grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hawpe out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Pierre reached on infield single to shortstop . Kemp reached on infield single to third , Pierre to second . Loney homered to right center , Pierre and Kemp scored . Kent hit ground rule double to deep right . Speier pitching for Rockies . Kent to third on wild pitch by Speier . Martin struck out swinging , Martin safe at on error by player player , Martin to first on throwing error by catcher Torrealba . Ethier flied out to center , Kent thrown out at home . LaRoche struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 6th . Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers . Valdez at second base . Spilborghs hit for Sullivan . Spilborghs singled to right . Baker hit for Speier . Baker struck out looking . Matsui grounded out to third , Spilborghs to second . Tulowitzki homered to left center , Spilborghs scored . Holliday struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Spilborghs in center field . Herges pitching for Rockies . Hu struck out swinging . Valdez struck out swinging . Pierre flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers . Helton lined out to left . Atkins walked . Hawpe grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Atkins out at second . Seanez pitching for Dodgers . Torrealba singled to right , Hawpe to second . Spilborghs struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Herges pitching for Rockies . Kemp flied out to center . Loney struck out looking . Sweeney hit for Seanez . Sweeney grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Proctor pitching for Dodgers . Smith hit for Herges . Smith struck out swinging . Matsui struck out swinging . Tulowitzki doubled to deep left center . Holliday hit by pitch . Helton singled to center , Tulowitzki scored , Holliday to third . Atkins flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Carroll at third base . Martin walked . Ethier walked , Martin to second . LaRoche singled to center , Martin scored , Ethier to second . Hu bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Ethier out at third , LaRoche to second . Garciaparra hit for Valdez . Garciaparra popped out to shortstop . Pierre walked , LaRoche to third , Hu to second . Kemp lined out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Young at second base . Hernandez pitching for Dodgers . Hawpe struck out swinging . Torrealba doubled to left . Spilborghs doubled to right , Torrealba scored . Carroll singled to right , Spilborghs scored . Matsui flied out to center . Carroll to second on wild pitch by Hernandez . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 9th . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Loney grounded out to second . Young homered to right . Martin grounded out to catcher . Ethier doubled to deep center . LaRoche grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 9 - Dodgers 7 .	Rockies win 9th straight to keep pace in wild card