Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Redman pitching for Rockies . Young struck out swinging . Upton grounded out to second . Byrnes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks . Matsui doubled to right . Tulowitzki walked . Holliday doubled to deep right center , Matsui and Tulowitzki scored . Helton walked . Atkins singled to right center , Holliday scored , Helton to third . Hawpe walked , Atkins to second . Spilborghs flied out to right . Iannetta grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Helton scored , Hawpe out at second , Atkins to third . Redman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Iannetta out at second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Redman pitching for Rockies . Jackson doubled to left . Reynolds struck out swinging . Snyder walked . Ojeda grounded into double play , third to first , Jackson out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks . Matsui walked . Tulowitzki grounded into double play , third to second to first , Matsui out at second . Holliday reached on infield single to shortstop . Helton flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Redman pitching for Rockies . Bonifacio batting . Ed Gonzalez batting . Young batting . Upton batting . Byrnes grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Young out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Quentin in left field . Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks . Atkins singled to center . Hawpe tripled to deep right center , Atkins scored . Spilborghs grounded out to pitcher . Iannetta struck out looking . Redman grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Redman pitching for Rockies . Jackson singled to left . Reynolds popped out to third . Snyder struck out swinging . Ojeda grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jackson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Peguero pitching for Diamondbacks . Hammock catching . Matsui struck out swinging . Tulowitzki popped out to first . Holliday popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Redman pitching for Rockies . Bonifacio flied out to right . Hammock reached on infield single to shortstop . Young singled to left , Hammock to second . Upton struck out swinging . Quentin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Peguero pitching for Diamondbacks . Helton batting . Atkins batting . Hawpe batting . Spilborghs batting . Iannetta batting . Smith hit for Redman . Smith reached on infield single to second , Atkins to third , Iannetta to second , Atkins scored , Iannetta to third on throwing error by second baseman Bonifacio . Matsui walked , Smith to second . Nippert pitching for Diamondbacks . Salazar in right field . Tulowitzki homered to right , Iannetta , Smith and Matsui scored . Holliday lined out to center . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Herges pitching for Rockies . Jackson grounded out to first . Cirillo hit for Reynolds . Cirillo lined out to second . Salazar tripled to right . Ojeda struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Murphy pitching for Diamondbacks . Quentin in right field . Cirillo at third base . Salazar in left field . Helton singled to center . Atkins grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Helton out at second . Hawpe grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Atkins out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Affeldt pitching for Rockies . Carroll at third base . Bonifacio grounded out to second . Hammock safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Carroll . Young struck out looking . Owings hit for Murphy . Owings struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Pena pitching for Diamondbacks . Spilborghs singled to center . Iannetta singled to center , Spilborghs to second . Carroll struck out swinging . Quintanilla hit for Matsui . Quintanilla flied out to left . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Quintanilla at second base . Sullivan in center field . Baker at first base . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Spilborghs in left field . Quentin grounded out to shortstop . Callaspo hit for Jackson . Callaspo flied out to center . Cirillo lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks . Callaspo at third base . Cirillo at first base . Sullivan flied out to left . Baker struck out swinging . Barmes hit for Fuentes . Barmes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Barmes at shortstop . Salazar grounded out to pitcher . Montero hit for Ojeda . Montero popped out to shortstop . Bonifacio walked . Hammock popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 1 - Rockies 11 .	Rockies hang in playoff hunt with rout of D - backs