Red Sox - Top 1st . Fogg pitching for Rockies . Ellsbury reached on infield single to third . Pedroia reached on infield single to shortstop , Ellsbury to second . Ortiz struck out swinging . Ramirez flied out to left . Lowell flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox . Matsui singled to right center , Matsui to second on error by right fielder Drew . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . Holliday grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Matsui out at second . Helton grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Holliday out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Fogg pitching for Rockies . Drew grounded out to second . Varitek grounded out to shortstop . Lugo doubled to right center . Matsuzaka struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox . Atkins hit by pitch . Hawpe struck out swinging . Torrealba flied out to left . Sullivan grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Atkins out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Fogg pitching for Rockies . Ellsbury doubled to left . Pedroia reached on bunt single to catcher , Ellsbury to third . Ortiz doubled to deep right , Ellsbury scored , Pedroia to third . Ramirez intentionally walked . Lowell singled to center , Pedroia and Ortiz scored , Ramirez to second . Drew popped out to shortstop . Varitek singled to left , Ramirez to third , Lowell to second , Lowell to third , Ramirez thrown out at home attempting to advance on play . Lugo walked , Varitek to second . Matsuzaka singled to left , Lowell and Varitek scored , Lugo to third . Ellsbury doubled to center , Lugo scored , Matsuzaka to third . Morales pitching for Rockies . Pedroia grounded out to third . 6 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox . Morales struck out swinging . Matsui struck out swinging . Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Morales pitching for Rockies . Ortiz grounded out to second . Ramirez flied out to center . Lowell grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox . Holliday grounded out to first . Helton struck out looking . Atkins walked . Hawpe popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Morales pitching for Rockies . Drew doubled to deep center . Varitek struck out swinging . Lugo flied out to right . Matsuzaka grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox . Torrealba singled to center . Sullivan flied out to left . Smith hit for Morales . Smith singled to right , Torrealba to second . Matsui grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Torrealba out at third , Smith to second . Tulowitzki popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Affeldt pitching for Rockies . Ellsbury grounded out to third . Pedroia flied out to center . Ortiz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Youkilis at first base . Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox . Holliday grounded out to third . Helton walked . Atkins walked , Helton to second . Lopez pitching for Red Sox . Hawpe singled to center , Helton scored , Atkins to second . Torrealba singled to left , Atkins scored , Hawpe to second . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Spilborghs hit for Sullivan . Spilborghs flied out to center . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Spilborghs hit for Sullivan . Spilborghs flied out to center . Baker hit for Affeldt . Baker lined out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Spilborghs in center field . Herges pitching for Rockies . Ramirez struck out swinging . Lowell struck out swinging . Drew struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Matsui reached on bunt single to catcher . Matsui stole second . Tulowitzki singled to center , Matsui to third . Okajima pitching for Red Sox . Crisp in center field . Ellsbury in right field . Holliday homered to center , Matsui and Tulowitzki scored . Helton singled to left . Atkins struck out swinging . Hawpe struck out swinging . Torrealba grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Varitek grounded out to shortstop . Lugo walked . Crisp singled to center , Lugo to second . Ellsbury doubled to right , Lugo scored , Crisp to third . Pedroia doubled to right , Crisp and Ellsbury scored . Youkilis grounded out to third . Ramirez flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox . Spilborghs fouled out to right . Taveras hit for Fuentes . Taveras lined out to second . Matsui singled to center . Tulowitzki walked , Matsui to second . Papelbon pitching for Red Sox . Cora at second base . Holliday flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Hawkins pitching for Rockies . Lowell singled to shallow center . Cora sacrificed to pitcher , Lowell to second . Lowell stole third . Varitek hit sacrifice fly to center , Lowell scored . Lugo grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Papelbon pitching for Red Sox . Helton flied out to right . Atkins grounded out to third . Hawpe tripled to deep right . Torrealba grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 10 - Rockies 5 .	Ellsbury , BoSox push reeling Rockies to the edge