Mets - Top 1st . Butler pitching for Rockies . Granderson grounded out to first . Wright struck out looking . Conforto singled to center . Céspedes lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Verrett pitching for Mets . Blackmon lined out to center . Story doubled to deep right . Arenado grounded out to third , Story scored . Parra singled to center . González grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Top 2nd . Butler pitching for Rockies . Duda doubled to deep center . Walker singled to left center , Duda to third . Cabrera popped out to shortstop . Plawecki reached on infield single to third , Duda scored , Walker to second . Verrett struck out swinging . Granderson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Verrett pitching for Mets . Reynolds doubled to right . LeMahieu singled to right , Reynolds scored . LeMahieu caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Wolters singled to left center . Butler sacrificed to first , Wolters to second . Blackmon walked . Story grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Blackmon out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Butler pitching for Rockies . Wright lined out to right . Conforto lined out to right . Céspedes singled to center . Duda flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Verrett pitching for Mets . Arenado singled to left . Parra reached on bunt single to first , Arenado to second . González flied out to left . Reynolds walked , Arenado to third , Parra to second . LeMahieu walked , Arenado scored , Parra to third , Reynolds to second . Wolters doubled to deep right center , Parra and Reynolds scored , LeMahieu to third . Butler bunt grounded out to first . Blackmon singled to right center , LeMahieu and Wolters scored . Story singled to right , Blackmon to third . Robles pitching for Mets . Arenado grounded out to first . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Butler pitching for Rockies . Walker homered to right center ( 426 feet ) . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Plawecki grounded out to third . De Aza hit for Robles . De Aza grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Gilmartin pitching for Mets . Parra grounded out to shortstop . González struck out swinging . Reynolds grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Butler pitching for Rockies . Granderson grounded out to second . Wright singled to center . Conforto grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Wright out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Gilmartin pitching for Mets . LeMahieu reached on infield single to third . Wolters grounded out to first , LeMahieu to second . Butler lined out to center . Blackmon struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . Butler pitching for Rockies . Céspedes doubled to deep right , Céspedes to third on error by center fielder Blackmon . Duda singled to left center , Céspedes scored . Germen pitching for Rockies . Walker singled to right , Duda to third . Cabrera grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Duda scored , Walker out at second . Plawecki walked . Lagares hit for Gilmartin . Lagares singled to right , Plawecki to second . Granderson grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Henderson pitching for Mets . Story struck out looking . Arenado lined out to center . Parra grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . Germen pitching for Rockies . Wright doubled to center . Conforto lined out to left . Céspedes flied out to left . Logan pitching for Rockies . Duda struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Reed pitching for Mets . González grounded out to shortstop . Reynolds struck out swinging . LeMahieu grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Estevez pitching for Rockies . Walker struck out swinging . Cabrera popped out to third . Plawecki struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Bastardo pitching for Mets . Rivera catching . Wolters grounded out to second . Raburn hit for Estevez . Raburn singled to center . Blackmon fouled out to third . Story hit by pitch , Raburn to second . Arenado grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Raburn out at third , Story to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 9th . McGee pitching for Rockies . Rivera singled to right . Granderson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rivera out at second . Wright struck out swinging . Conforto grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 4 - Rockies 7 .	LeMahieu , Wolters have 2 RBIs apiece , Rockies beat Mets 7 - 4