Mets - Top 1st . Fernandez pitching for Marlins . Reyes grounded out to catcher . Granderson grounded out to third . Céspedes walked . Loney walked , Céspedes to second . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . deGrom pitching for Mets . Realmuto lined out to center . Prado struck out swinging . Yelich walked . Stanton singled to left , Yelich to second , Yelich to third on error by left fielder Céspedes . Ozuna grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mets - Top 2nd . Fernandez pitching for Marlins . Walker struck out swinging . d'Arnaud flied out to center . Lagares struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . deGrom pitching for Mets . Dietrich struck out swinging . Johnson struck out swinging . Hechavarría doubled to deep center . Fernández singled to left , Hechavarría scored . Realmuto singled to center , Fernández to second . Prado struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Fernandez pitching for Marlins . deGrom doubled to deep right . Reyes popped out to shortstop . Granderson singled to center , deGrom to third , Granderson to second advancing on throw . Céspedes singled to right , deGrom scored , Granderson to third . Loney hit sacrifice fly to center , Granderson scored . Cabrera grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . deGrom pitching for Mets . Yelich reached on infield single to second . Stanton homered to left ( 437 feet ) , Yelich scored . Ozuna doubled to deep right center . Dietrich lined out to second . Johnson grounded out to third . Hechavarría grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Fernandez pitching for Marlins . Walker lined out to shortstop . d'Arnaud struck out swinging . Lagares struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . deGrom pitching for Mets . Fernández singled to left . Realmuto lined out to right . Prado struck out swinging . Yelich singled to deep right , Fernández to third . Stanton singled to right , Fernández scored , Yelich to second . Lugo pitching for Mets . De Aza in center field . Ozuna walked , Yelich to third , Stanton to second . Dietrich walked , Yelich scored , Stanton to third , Ozuna to second . Johnson flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Fernandez pitching for Marlins . De Aza singled to left . Reyes fouled out to third . Granderson singled to left , De Aza to second . Céspedes singled to center , De Aza to third , Granderson to second . Loney flied out to left . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Lugo pitching for Mets . Hechavarría singled to left . Fernández sacrificed to first , Hechavarría to second . Realmuto grounded out to second , Hechavarría to third . Prado singled to left , Hechavarría scored . Yelich struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . Fernandez pitching for Marlins . Walker grounded out to first . d'Arnaud struck out looking . Conforto hit for Lugo . Conforto singled to right . De Aza lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Conforto in center field . Bastardo pitching for Mets . Stanton singled to right . Ozuna flied out to right . Dietrich grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Stanton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . Fernandez pitching for Marlins . Reyes grounded out to first . Granderson popped out to third . Céspedes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Bastardo pitching for Mets . Johnson walked . Hechavarría flied out to right . Rojas hit for Fernández . Rojas grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Johnson safe at second on error by second baseman Walker . Realmuto grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rojas out at second , Johnson to third . Prado singled to left , Johnson scored , Realmuto thrown out at third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Rodney pitching for Marlins . Rojas at second base . Loney singled to right center . Cabrera struck out swinging . Walker struck out swinging . d'Arnaud singled to right , Loney to second . Conforto hit by pitch , Loney to third , d'Arnaud to second . Johnson hit for Bastardo . Johnson lined out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Blevins pitching for Mets . Yelich singled to left . Goeddel pitching for Mets . Stanton grounded out to second , Yelich to second . Ozuna flied out to center . Suzuki hit for Rodney . Suzuki grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 9th . Wittgren pitching for Marlins . Reyes singled to right . Granderson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Reyes out at second . Céspedes flied out to left . Granderson to second on fielder 's indifference . Loney grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 2 - Marlins 7 .	Stanton homers to help Fernandez and Marlins beat Mets , 7 - 2