Mets - Top 1st . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Reyes walked . Granderson lined into double play , to first , Reyes doubled off first . Walker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Colon pitching for Mets . Segura safe at first on error by third baseman T.J. Rivera . Bourn singled to center , Segura to third . Goldschmidt lined out to shortstop . Lamb singled to center , Segura scored , Bourn to second . Tomás lined out to right . Castillo singled to center , Bourn scored , Lamb to second . Owings singled to center , Lamb scored , Castillo to second . Drury struck out looking . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Top 2nd . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Bruce reached on infield single to shortstop . Flores singled to right , Bruce to second . T.J. Rivera grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Flores out at second , Bruce to third . Kelly struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Colon pitching for Mets . Ray doubled to deep right . Segura sacrificed to pitcher , Ray to third . Bourn grounded out to pitcher . Goldschmidt walked . Lamb flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . d'Arnaud singled to center . Colón grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , d'Arnaud safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Ray . Reyes singled to center , d'Arnaud scored , Colón to second . Granderson struck out swinging . Walker singled to left center , Colón to third , Reyes to second . Bruce flied out to center . Flores struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Colon pitching for Mets . Tomás flied out to right . Castillo doubled to deep center . Owings doubled to deep right , Castillo scored . Drury popped out to second . Ray walked , Owings stole third . Ray batting . Segura grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ray out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . T.J. Rivera popped out to second . Kelly flied out to center . d'Arnaud singled to right . Colón walked , d'Arnaud to second . Reyes singled to center , d'Arnaud scored , Colón to second . Granderson grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Colon pitching for Mets . Bourn singled to right . Bourn caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Goldschmidt tripled to deep right center . Lamb hit sacrifice fly to center , Goldschmidt scored . Tomás grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Walker lined out to left . Bruce grounded out to third . Flores singled to right . T.J. Rivera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Goeddel pitching for Mets . Castillo doubled to deep left . Owings struck out looking . Drury hit ground rule double to deep right , Castillo scored . Gosselin hit for Ray . Gosselin flied out to right . Segura doubled to deep center , Drury scored . Bourn flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . Kelly struck out swinging . d'Arnaud singled to left center . Johnson hit for Goeddel . Johnson walked , d'Arnaud to second . Reyes grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Johnson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Lugo pitching for Mets . Goldschmidt singled to right center . Lamb safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Walker , Goldschmidt to second . Tomás grounded into double play , third to second to first , Lamb out at second , Goldschmidt to third . Castillo singled to left , Goldschmidt scored . Owings grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Castillo out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Top 7th . Hathaway pitching for Diamondbacks . Granderson singled to center . Walker singled to left center , Granderson to second . Bruce walked , Granderson to third , Walker to second . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Flores walked , Granderson scored , Walker to third , Bruce to second . T.J. Rivera hit sacrifice fly to center , Walker scored , Bruce to third . Kelly hit sacrifice fly to left , Bruce scored . d'Arnaud struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Lugo pitching for Mets . Drury struck out swinging . Weeks Jr. hit for Delgado . Weeks Jr. struck out swinging . Segura hit by pitch . Segura stole second . Bourn flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Burgos pitching for Diamondbacks . De Aza hit for Lugo . De Aza struck out swinging . Reyes struck out swinging . Granderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Robles pitching for Mets . Goldschmidt doubled to deep right . Goldschmidt to third on wild pitch by Robles . Lamb struck out swinging . Tomás homered to left center ( 388 feet ) , Goldschmidt scored . Castillo popped out to second . Owings struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 9th . Escobar pitching for Diamondbacks . Walker homered to left ( 387 feet ) . Bruce grounded out to second . Flores lined out to right . T.J. Rivera grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 6 - Diamondbacks 10 .	Castillo 's 4 hits lead D - backs over Mets 10 - 6