Royals - Top 1st. Fiers pitching for Tigers. Jay grounded out to first. Merrifield singled to center. Moustakas lined out to right. Duda singled to left, Merrifield to second. Soler grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Duffy pitching for Royals. Martín doubled to deep center. Candelario grounded out to first, Martín to third. Cabrera grounded out to second. Castellanos singled to right, Martín scored. Martínez grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Fiers pitching for Tigers. Cuthbert singled to left. Almonte singled to left, Cuthbert to second. Escobar grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Almonte out at second, Cuthbert to third. Butera singled to left, Cuthbert scored. Jay flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Duffy pitching for Royals. Jones flied out to left. McCann singled to right. Iglesias singled to shallow left center, McCann to second. Machado flied out to center. Martín flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Fiers pitching for Tigers. Merrifield fouled out to catcher. Moustakas singled to right. Duda flied out to center. Soler walked, Moustakas to second. Cuthbert flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Duffy pitching for Royals. Candelario struck out swinging. Cabrera walked. Castellanos homered to left center (420 feet), Cabrera scored. Martínez grounded out to third. Jones safe at first on error by first baseman Duda. McCann walked, Jones to second. Iglesias lined out to right. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Top 4th. Fiers pitching for Tigers. Almonte singled to center. Escobar singled to center, Almonte to second. Butera reaches on error by catcher McCann, Almonte to third, Escobar to second. Jay grounded into fielder's choice to first, Almonte scored, Butera out at second, Escobar to third. Merrifield hit sacrifice fly to center, Escobar scored. Moustakas grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Duffy pitching for Royals. Machado grounded out to shortstop. Martín lined out to left. Candelario singled to center. Cabrera singled to left center, Candelario to third. Castellanos lined out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Fiers pitching for Tigers. Duda flied out to center. Soler lined out to third. Cuthbert flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Duffy pitching for Royals. Martínez singled to center. Jones lined out to right. McCann struck out swinging. Iglesias singled to center, Martínez to second. Machado singled to shallow left, Martínez scored, Iglesias to third. Hill pitching for Royals. Martín reached on bunt single to catcher, Machado to second. Candelario walked, Iglesias scored, Machado to third, Martín to second. Cabrera walked, Machado scored, Martín to third, Candelario to second. McCarthy pitching for Royals. Castellanos flied out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Fiers pitching for Tigers. Almonte singled to center. Escobar doubled to left, Almonte to third. Butera popped out to second. Stumpf pitching for Tigers. Jay grounded out to third, Almonte scored, Escobar to third. Merrifield flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Boyer pitching for Royals. Martínez popped out to second. Jones homered to left center (380 feet). McCann flied out to left. Iglesias grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Stumpf pitching for Tigers. Moustakas grounded out to shortstop. Duda grounded out to second. Soler doubled to deep center. Saupold pitching for Tigers. Cuthbert flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Grimm pitching for Royals. Machado walked. Martín walked, Machado to second. Machado to third, Martín to second on wild pitch by Grimm. Candelario struck out looking. Cabrera singled to left, Machado and Martín scored. Castellanos hit ground rule double to deep center, Cabrera to third. Smith pitching for Royals. Martínez hit sacrifice fly to left, Cabrera scored. Jones struck out looking. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Saupold pitching for Tigers. Almonte flied out to left. Escobar grounded out to first. Butera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Smith pitching for Royals. McCann walked. Iglesias singled to center, McCann to second. Machado walked, McCann to third, Iglesias to second. Martín grounded into fielder's choice to first, McCann scored, Machado out at second, Iglesias to third. Candelario singled to right, Iglesias scored, Martín to second. Cabrera grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Candelario out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Goodrum at first base. Saupold pitching for Tigers. Jay flied out to left. Merrifield struck out swinging. Moustakas grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 4 - Tigers 12.	Castellanos lifts Tigers to 12-4 win over Royals