Royals - Top 1st. Shields pitching for White Sox. Merrifield flied out to right. Bonifacio struck out looking. Moustakas fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Keller pitching for Royals. Moncada walked. Sánchez walked, Moncada to second. Abreu lined out to left. Palka singled to shallow left, Moncada scored, Sánchez to third, Palka to second advancing on throw. García doubled to left, Sánchez and Palka scored. Narváez grounded out to second, García to third. Anderson grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Shields pitching for White Sox. Pérez grounded out to third. Duda walked. Dozier struck out looking. Gordon doubled to deep left center, Duda to third. Escobar flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Keller pitching for Royals. LaMarre grounded out to third. Tilson lined out to center. Moncada walked. Sánchez singled to right, Moncada to third. Abreu grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Shields pitching for White Sox. Mondesi flied out to right. Merrifield walked. Bonifacio hit by pitch, Merrifield to second. Moustakas grounded into fielder's choice to first, Merrifield to third, Bonifacio safe at second on error by second baseman Moncada. Pérez hit sacrifice fly to center, Merrifield scored, Bonifacio to third. Bonifacio scored, Moustakas to second on wild pitch by Shields. Duda struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Keller pitching for Royals. Palka singled to center. García reached on bunt single to third, Palka to second. Palka to third, García to second on wild pitch by Keller. Narváez singled to left, Palka scored, García to third. Anderson struck out swinging. LaMarre singled to right, García scored, Narváez to second. Tilson grounded into fielder's choice to second, LaMarre out at second, Narváez to third. Moncada walked, Tilson to second. Fillmyer pitching for Royals. Sánchez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Shields pitching for White Sox. Dozier flied out to left. Gordon struck out swinging. Escobar grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Fillmyer pitching for Royals. Abreu singled to center. Abreu to second on wild pitch by Fillmyer. Palka popped out to shortstop. García flied out to left. Narváez walked. Anderson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Shields pitching for White Sox. Mondesi struck out swinging. Merrifield grounded out to shortstop. Bonifacio struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Fillmyer pitching for Royals. LaMarre singled to center, LaMarre to second on error by center fielder Escobar. Tilson walked. Moncada struck out looking. Sánchez grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Tilson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Top 6th. Shields pitching for White Sox. Moustakas lined out to center. Pérez singled to left. Duda flied out to center. Pérez to second on wild pitch by Shields. Dozier flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Fillmyer pitching for Royals. Abreu homered to center (451 feet). Hill pitching for Royals. Palka grounded out to first. García homered to center (396 feet). Narváez grounded out to shortstop. Anderson singled to center. LaMarre struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Shields pitching for White Sox. Gordon lined out to center. Escobar struck out swinging. Mondesi singled to right. Merrifield singled to right, Mondesi to second. Bonifacio doubled to left, Mondesi and Merrifield scored. Avilán pitching for White Sox. Moustakas hit by pitch. Minaya pitching for White Sox. Pérez flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Adam pitching for Royals. Tilson grounded out to third. Moncada flied out to left. Sánchez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Cedeño pitching for White Sox. Duda reached on infield single to shortstop. Dozier walked, Duda to second. Gordon grounded out to first, Duda to third, Dozier to second. Escobar safe at first on error by third baseman Sánchez, Duda scored. Mondesi flied out to right. Gómez pitching for White Sox. Merrifield singled to right, Dozier scored, Escobar to third, Merrifield to second advancing on throw. Bonifacio flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 8th. McCarthy pitching for Royals. Abreu flied out to left. Palka doubled to right. Engel ran for Palka. García lined out to second. Narváez homered to right (374 feet), Engel scored. Anderson grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Soria pitching for White Sox. Moustakas flied out to center. Pérez struck out swinging. Duda struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 6 - White Sox 9.	Garcia gets 3 hits as White Sox beat Royals 9-6