Indians - Top 1st. Lopez pitching for Royals. Lindor flied out to right. Brantley singled to deep right center. Ramírez struck out looking. Encarnación struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Bieber pitching for Indians. Merrifield homered to center (430 feet). Gordon flied out to left. Pérez struck out swinging. Duda lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Lopez pitching for Royals. Alonso flied out to left. Cabrera walked. Kipnis grounded into fielder's choice to center, Cabrera out at second. Pérez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Bieber pitching for Indians. Dozier struck out swinging. O'Hearn struck out looking. Escobar doubled to left. Phillips struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Lopez pitching for Royals. Allen grounded out to second. Lindor flied out to center. Brantley grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Bieber pitching for Indians. Butera grounded out to third. Merrifield flied out to center. Gordon struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Lopez pitching for Royals. Ramírez struck out swinging. Encarnación walked. Alonso doubled to deep right center, Encarnación to third. Cabrera singled to right, Encarnación scored, Alonso to third. Kipnis singled to center, Alonso scored, Cabrera to second. Pérez walked, Cabrera to third, Kipnis to second. Allen doubled to shallow left, Cabrera and Kipnis scored, Pérez to third. Pérez scored, Allen to third on wild pitch by López. Lindor struck out swinging. Brantley grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Bieber pitching for Indians. Pérez homered to center (435 feet). Duda struck out looking. Dozier grounded out to shortstop. O'Hearn grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Smith pitching for Royals. Ramírez flied out to center. Encarnación struck out swinging. Alonso struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Bieber pitching for Indians. Escobar safe at first on error by third baseman Ramírez. Phillips singled to right, Escobar to second. Butera grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Phillips out at second, Escobar to third. Merrifield lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Indians - Top 6th. Smith pitching for Royals. Cabrera singled to shallow left. Kipnis singled to left, Cabrera to second. Pérez sacrificed to pitcher, Cabrera to third, Kipnis to second. Allen grounded out to second. Lindor singled to right, Cabrera and Kipnis scored. Brantley singled to center, Lindor to second. Ramírez grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Bieber pitching for Indians. Gordon doubled to right. Pérez struck out looking. Duda homered to right center (432 feet), Gordon scored. Pérez pitching for Indians. Dozier flied out to right. O'Hearn struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Smith pitching for Royals. Encarnación flied out to center. Alonso grounded out to second. Cabrera walked. Kipnis doubled to deep center, Cabrera scored. Kipnis stole third. Pérez walked. McCarthy pitching for Royals. Allen grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pérez out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Perez pitching for Indians. Escobar grounded out to third. Phillips struck out looking. Cimber pitching for Indians. Butera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Newberry pitching for Royals. Lindor singled to left. Brantley walked, Lindor to second. Ramírez lined into double play, to first, Brantley doubled off first. Encarnación homered to left center (410 feet), Lindor scored. Alonso popped out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Miller pitching for Indians. Merrifield doubled to deep left. Gordon flied out to center. Pérez flied out to right, Merrifield to third. Duda reached on infield single to shortstop, Merrifield scored. Dozier grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Duda out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Maurer pitching for Royals. Cabrera walked. Kipnis inside-the-park home run to deep right (351 feet), Cabrera scored. Pérez grounded out to shortstop. Allen safe at first on error by first baseman Duda. Lindor grounded out to second, Allen to second. Brantley fouled out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 9th. Díaz at first base. González at second base. Allen pitching for Indians. O'Hearn walked. Escobar singled to shallow left center, O'Hearn to second. Phillips struck out swinging. Butera popped out to third. Merrifield grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 12 - Royals 5.	Kipnis' inside-the-park HR sends Indians past Royals, 12-5