Mets - Top 1st . Kawakami pitching for Braves . Reyes flied out to center . Murphy singled to left . Beltran struck out swinging . Delgado singled to center , Murphy to third . Wright struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Mets . Infante flied out to left . Escobar flied out to right . Jones grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . Kawakami pitching for Braves . Church struck out swinging . Castro singled to right . Castillo grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Castro safe at second on error by second baseman Infante . Hernandez sacrificed to pitcher , Castro to third , Castillo to second . Reyes walked . Murphy flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Mets . Anderson grounded out to second . Kotchman doubled to left . Francoeur popped out to shortstop . Schafer grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Kawakami pitching for Braves . Beltran singled to center . Delgado struck out swinging . Beltran stole second . Wright doubled to deep left , Beltran scored . Church flied out to left . Wright to third on passed ball by Ross . Castro doubled to right , Wright scored . Castillo intentionally walked . Hernandez flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Mets . Ross doubled to right center . Kawakami bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Ross out at third . Infante singled to right , Kawakami to second . Escobar singled to right center , Kawakami to third , Infante to second . Jones lined into double play , second to shortstop , Infante doubled off second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Kawakami pitching for Braves . Reyes grounded out to second . Murphy walked . Beltran singled to center , Murphy to second . Delgado struck out swinging . Murphy to third , Beltran to second on wild pitch by Kawakami . Wright struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Mets . Anderson flied out to center . Kotchman singled to right . Francoeur grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kotchman out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Kawakami pitching for Braves . Church struck out looking . Castro doubled to deep right center . Castillo popped out to shortstop . Hernandez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Mets . Schafer grounded out to first . Ross fouled out to third . Diaz hit for Kawakami . Diaz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . O'Flaherty pitching for Braves . Reyes grounded out to shortstop . Murphy lined out to second . Beltran popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Hernandez pitching for Mets . Infante struck out swinging . Escobar singled to left . Jones walked , Escobar to second . Anderson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Jones out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . O'Flaherty pitching for Braves . Delgado flied out to center . Wright singled to right . Church flied out to right . Wright caught stealing second , catcher to second . Castro batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Hernandez pitching for Mets . Kotchman flied out to left . Francoeur singled to left . Schafer walked , Francoeur to second . Parnell pitching for Mets . Norton hit for Ross . Norton struck out looking . Prado hit for O'Flaherty . Prado doubled to deep left , Francoeur scored , Schafer to third . Infante grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Sammons catching . Soriano pitching for Braves . Castro popped out to shortstop . Castillo struck out looking . Sheffield hit for Parnell . Sheffield flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Putz pitching for Mets . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Jones safe at first on error by second baseman Castillo . Anderson flied out to center . Kotchman grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Jones out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Top 9th . Gonzalez pitching for Braves . Reyes singled to left . Murphy grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Reyes safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Jones . Beltran intentionally walked . Delgado singled to center , Reyes and Murphy scored , Beltran to second . Carlyle pitching for Braves . Beltran to third , Delgado to second on wild pitch by Carlyle . Wright flied out to right . Church intentionally walked . Castro grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Church out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 9th . Rodriguez pitching for Mets . Reed in left field . Francoeur flied out to center . Schafer struck out swinging . Johnson hit for Carlyle . Johnson singled to right . Sammons walked , Johnson to second . Infante safe at first on error by first baseman Delgado , Johnson scored , Sammons to third . Escobar singled to center , Sammons scored , Infante to third . Jones flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Mets 4 - Braves 3 .	Mets hold on to earn rare sweep at Atlanta