Rays - Top 1st . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Upton singled to center . Crawford grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Upton out at second . Longoria singled to left , Crawford to second . Pena flied out to left . Zobrist grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Longoria out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 1st . Niemann pitching for Rays . Cora bunt popped out foul to catcher . Murphy grounded out to second . Beltran grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 2nd . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Gross grounded out to second . Bartlett lined out to left . Navarro grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 2nd . Niemann pitching for Rays . Wright singled to right . Wright to second on passed ball by Navarro . Sheffield walked . Church grounded out to first , Wright to third , Sheffield to second . Wright scored , Sheffield to third on wild pitch by Niemann . Schneider popped out to shortstop . Valdez walked . Pelfrey singled to right , Sheffield scored , Valdez thrown out at third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 3rd . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Niemann grounded out to shortstop . Upton struck out looking . Crawford grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 3rd . Niemann pitching for Rays . Cora walked . Cora caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Murphy flied out to center . Beltran walked . Wright grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Beltran out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 4th . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Longoria doubled to deep left center . Pena struck out swinging . Zobrist grounded out to pitcher , Longoria to third . Gross struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 4th . Niemann pitching for Rays . Sheffield doubled to deep left center . Church popped out to shortstop . Schneider grounded out to second , Sheffield to third . Valdez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 5th . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Bartlett reached on infield single to second . Navarro singled to right , Bartlett to second . Aybar hit for Niemann . Aybar singled to left , Bartlett to third , Navarro to second . Upton doubled to deep right , Bartlett and Navarro scored , Aybar to third . Crawford singled to left , Aybar and Upton scored , Crawford to second advancing on throw . Crawford caught stealing third , catcher to third . Longoria struck out swinging . Pena safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Pelfrey . Zobrist lined out to center . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Bottom 5th . Cormier pitching for Rays . Evans hit for Pelfrey . Evans struck out swinging . Cora flied out to right . Murphy doubled to right . Beltran flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 6th . Stokes pitching for Mets . Gross popped out to shortstop . Bartlett singled to center . Navarro grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Bartlett out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 6th . Cormier pitching for Rays . Wright doubled to deep right center . Sheffield grounded out to shortstop , Wright to third . Church walked . Nelson pitching for Rays . Schneider homered to right , Wright and Church scored . Valdez flied out to center . Tatis hit for Stokes . Tatis struck out looking . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 7th . Parnell pitching for Mets . Burrell hit for Nelson . Burrell singled to center . Upton homered to left , Burrell scored . Crawford singled to left . Longoria doubled to left , Crawford scored . Takahashi pitching for Mets . Pena hit by pitch . Zobrist struck out swinging . Kapler hit for Gross . Kapler doubled to deep left , Longoria scored , Pena to third . Bartlett intentionally walked . Navarro struck out swinging . Burrell flied out to center . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 7th . Kapler in right field . Choate pitching for Rays . Cora reached on infield single to shortstop . Murphy grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Cora out at second . Beltran singled to center , Murphy to second . Balfour pitching for Rays . Wright singled to left , Murphy to third , Beltran to second . Sheffield grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Murphy scored , Wright out at second , Beltran to third . Church struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 8th . Green pitching for Mets . Upton singled to center . Crawford singled to right , Upton to second . Longoria singled to left , Upton to third , Crawford to second . Feliciano pitching for Mets . Pena walked , Upton scored , Crawford to third , Longoria to second . Zobrist struck out swinging . Kapler hit sacrifice fly to right , Crawford scored . Bartlett struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 8th . Balfour pitching for Rays . Schneider flied out to center . Valdez struck out swinging . Reed hit for Feliciano . Reed struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 9th . Switzer pitching for Mets . Navarro flied out to right . Sonnanstine hit for Balfour . Sonnanstine struck out looking . Upton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 9th . Howell pitching for Rays . Cora grounded out to shortstop . Murphy grounded out to second . Beltran singled to center . Wright flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rays 10 - Mets 6 .	Rays ' offense breaks out of slump vs. Mets