Cardinals - Top 1st . Nieve pitching for Mets . Schumaker walked . Rasmus flied out to center . Pujols flied out to center . Ankiel grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 1st . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Cora grounded out to second . Castillo reached on infield single to third . Wright doubled to deep left , Castillo to third . Church singled to left , Castillo scored , Wright to third . Tatis grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Church out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Nieve pitching for Mets . Duncan struck out looking . Greene flied out to left . LaRue struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 2nd . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Martinez grounded out to shortstop . Evans lined out to center . Schneider grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Nieve pitching for Mets . Thompson grounded out to shortstop . Ryan reached on infield single to third . Schumaker singled to right , Ryan to second . Rasmus flied out to center . Pujols walked , Ryan to third , Schumaker to second . Ankiel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 3rd . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Nieve reached on infield single to pitcher . Cora flied out to left . Castillo grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Nieve out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Nieve pitching for Mets . Duncan flied out to center . Greene struck out swinging . LaRue singled to left . Thompson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 4th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Wright singled to left center . Church doubled to left , Wright to third . Tatis grounded out to shortstop , Wright scored . Martinez grounded out to second , Church to third . Evans homered to left , Church scored . Schneider grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Nieve pitching for Mets . Ryan grounded out to second . Schumaker walked . Rasmus popped out to second . Pujols walked , Schumaker to second . Ankiel flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 5th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Nieve grounded out to second . Cora walked . Castillo grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Cora out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Nieve pitching for Mets . Duncan grounded out to pitcher . Greene popped out to shortstop . LaRue flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 6th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Wright singled to center . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Church grounded out to shortstop , Wright to second . Kinney pitching for Cardinals . Wright stole third . Tatis singled to left center , Wright scored . Martinez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Tatis out at second . Evans reached on infield single to third , Martinez to third . Schneider doubled to deep right , Martinez and Evans scored . Reed hit for Nieve . Reed reached on infield single to first , Schneider to third . Cora flied out to right . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Tatis at first base . Stokes pitching for Mets . Reed in left field . Thurston hit for Kinney . Thurston struck out looking . Ryan singled to right . Schumaker grounded out to pitcher , Ryan to second . Rasmus struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 7th . Perez pitching for Cardinals . Thurston at second base . Castillo safe at first on error by center fielder Rasmus . Castillo to second on wild pitch by Perez . Wright reached on infield single to first , Castillo to third . Church doubled to deep left , Castillo scored , Wright to third . Hawksworth pitching for Cardinals . Tatis singled to center , Wright scored , Church to third . Martinez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Church scored , Tatis safe at third on throwing error by second baseman Thurston . Murphy hit for Stokes . Murphy hit sacrifice fly to center , Tatis scored . Schneider grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Martinez out at second . Reed grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Reyes at second base . Misch pitching for Mets . Tatis at third base . Murphy at first base . Pujols flied out to right . Ankiel grounded out to second . Duncan struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 8th . Greene at first base . Hawksworth pitching for Cardinals . Cora flied out to center . Reyes reached on infield single to shortstop . Hernandez hit for Misch . Hernandez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Reyes out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Parnell pitching for Mets . Greene flied out to center . LaRue grounded out to second . Thurston lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 0 - Mets 11 .	Nieve , Evans unlikely heroes of Mets ' rout