Mets - Top 1st . Looper pitching for Brewers . Reyes grounded out to first . Murphy flied out to shortstop . Wright flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Nieve pitching for Mets . Counsell flied out to right . Hardy doubled to left . Braun singled to center , Hardy to third . Fielder grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Braun out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . Looper pitching for Brewers . Sheffield grounded out to third . Church singled to left . Martinez singled to center , Church to second . Schneider struck out swinging . Castillo flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Nieve pitching for Mets . McGehee flied out to right . Cameron singled to left . Catalanotto singled to shallow right , Cameron to third . Kendall reached on infield single to shortstop , Cameron scored , Catalanotto to second . Looper struck out bunting foul . Counsell flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Looper pitching for Brewers . Nieve grounded out to first . Reyes grounded out to shortstop . Murphy fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Nieve pitching for Mets . Hardy homered to left center . Braun flied out to right . Fielder singled to right . McGehee walked , Fielder to second . Cameron grounded into double play , shortstop to first , McGehee out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Looper pitching for Brewers . Wright struck out swinging . Sheffield singled to center . Church singled to shallow center , Sheffield to second . Martinez fouled out to third . Schneider walked , Sheffield to third , Church to second . Castillo grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Nieve pitching for Mets . Catalanotto doubled to right center . Kendall singled to center , Catalanotto to third . Looper singled to left , Catalanotto scored , Kendall to second . Counsell grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kendall out at third , Looper to second . Hardy singled to left , Looper to third , Counsell to second . Tatis at second base . Dessens pitching for Mets . Braun flied out to right , Looper tagged out at home . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Looper pitching for Brewers . Tatis flied out to right . Reyes grounded out to second . Murphy grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Dessens pitching for Mets . Fielder grounded out to second . McGehee grounded out to second . Cameron walked . Catalanotto hit by pitch , Cameron to second . Kendall lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . Looper pitching for Brewers . Wright flied out to right . Sheffield grounded out to shortstop . Church singled to left . Martinez safe at first on error by third baseman McGehee , Church to third . Schneider doubled to deep right center , Church and Martinez scored . Evans hit for Dessens . Evans grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Stokes pitching for Mets . Looper grounded out to second . Counsell singled to left center . Hardy doubled to center , Counsell to third . Braun popped out to first . Fielder intentionally walked . McGehee homered to left center , Counsell , Hardy and Fielder scored . Cameron flied out to center . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . Looper pitching for Brewers . Tatis tripled to deep right center . Reyes lined out to third . Murphy walked . Coffey pitching for Brewers . Wright struck out swinging . Sheffield reached on infield single to third , Tatis scored , Murphy to second . Stetter pitching for Brewers . Hall at third base . Church struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Misch pitching for Mets . Hart hit for Catalanotto . Hart flied out to right . Kendall singled to right . Hall doubled to left , Kendall scored . Counsell grounded out to pitcher . Hardy walked . Braun struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Hart in right field . Stetter pitching for Brewers . Martinez fouled out to shortstop . Schneider hit by pitch . Santos hit for Misch . Santos grounded into fielder 's choice to right , Schneider out at second . Tatis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Parnell pitching for Mets . Fielder doubled to left . Gamel struck out swinging . Gamel struck out swinging . Cameron flied out to right . Hart doubled to deep center , Fielder scored . Kendall walked . Hall singled to center , Hart scored , Kendall to second . Counsell popped out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 9th . Villanueva pitching for Brewers . Reyes flied out to shortstop . Murphy doubled to deep center . Wright doubled to left , Murphy scored . Sheffield homered to left center , Wright scored . Church singled to right . Martinez reached on infield single to second , Church to second . Hoffman pitching for Brewers . Schneider grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Martinez out at second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 6 - Brewers 10 .	Brewers ' McGehee slams Mets after costly flub