Cardinals - Top 1st . Niese pitching for Mets . Lugo struck out swinging . DeRosa struck out swinging . Pujols doubled to deep left . Holliday popped out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 1st . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Pagan singled to center . Cora grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pagan out at second . Wright homered to right , Cora scored . Sheffield grounded out to shortstop . Murphy grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Niese pitching for Mets . Ludwick walked . Ankiel grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Ludwick out at second . Molina safe at first on error by third baseman Wright , Ankiel to second . Thurston grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Molina out at second , Ankiel to third . Figueroa pitching for Mets . Lohse flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Bottom 2nd . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Francoeur singled to center . Schneider hit ground rule double to deep right , Francoeur to third . Berroa grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Francoeur out at home , Schneider to third . Figueroa tripled to deep center , Schneider and Berroa scored . Pagan hit sacrifice fly to center , Figueroa scored , Pagan to first on error by center fielder Ankiel . Cora fouled out to third . Wright singled to center , Pagan to third . Sheffield grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wright out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Figueroa pitching for Mets . Lugo fouled out to first . DeRosa struck out swinging . Pujols doubled to deep right . Holliday flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 3rd . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Murphy flied out to center . Francoeur doubled to deep left . Schneider grounded out to second , Francoeur to third . Berroa walked . Figueroa walked , Berroa to second . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Pagan grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Figueroa pitching for Mets . Ludwick hit by pitch . Ankiel flied out to right . Molina grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ludwick out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 4th . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Cora grounded out to first . Hawksworth pitching for Cardinals . Rasmus in center field . Wright walked . Sheffield grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Wright out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Figueroa pitching for Mets . Thurston singled to right . Rasmus struck out swinging . Lugo doubled to deep left center , Thurston to third . DeRosa flied out to right . Pujols hit by pitch . Holliday struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 5th . Hawksworth pitching for Cardinals . Murphy singled to right . Francoeur grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Murphy out at second . Schneider flied out to right . Berroa grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Francoeur out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Figueroa pitching for Mets . Ludwick lined out to right . Greene hit for Hawksworth . Greene struck out swinging . Molina singled to right . Thurston struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 6th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Reed hit for Figueroa . Reed doubled to deep right center . Pagan tripled to deep right center , Reed scored . Cora singled to left , Pagan scored . Wright grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cora out at second . Sheffield singled to deep center . Sullivan ran for Sheffield . Murphy flied out to left . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Sullivan in left field . Parnell pitching for Mets . Rasmus struck out swinging . Lugo struck out swinging . DeRosa grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 7th . LaRue catching . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Francoeur walked . Schneider grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Francoeur out at second . Berroa flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Parnell pitching for Mets . Pujols grounded out to third . Holliday flied out to left . Ludwick flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 8th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Parnell singled to center . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Pagan homered to center , Parnell scored . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Pagan homered to center , Parnell scored . Cora struck out swinging . Wright singled to center . Sullivan flied out to right . Murphy struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Schumaker hit for Miller . Parnell pitching for Mets . Schumaker grounded out to shortstop . LaRue struck out looking . Thurston singled to right . Rasmus flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 0 - Mets 9 .	Mets rough up Cards