Mets - Top 1st . Richard pitching for Padres . Pagan grounded out to second . Cora struck out swinging . Wright lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Mets . Gwynn singled to right center . Eckstein doubled to deep right , Gwynn to third . Gonzalez hit sacrifice fly to center , Gwynn scored , Eckstein to third . Kouzmanoff singled to left , Eckstein scored . Venable popped out to shortstop . Headley singled to right center , Kouzmanoff to second . Blanco flied out to right . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . Richard pitching for Padres . Francoeur struck out swinging . Tatis doubled to deep left . Murphy grounded out to shortstop , Tatis to third . Santos flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Mets . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Richard struck out swinging . Gwynn fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Richard pitching for Padres . Berroa grounded out to shortstop . Hernandez walked . Pagan singled to left , Hernandez to second . Cora lined into double play , shortstop to second , Hernandez doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Mets . Eckstein walked . Gonzalez homered to center , Eckstein scored . Kouzmanoff grounded out to shortstop . Venable walked . Headley walked , Venable to second . Blanco singled to right , Venable to third , Headley to second . Cabrera safe at first on error by second baseman Cora , Venable scored , Headley to third , Blanco to second . Richard singled to left , Headley scored , Blanco to third , Cabrera to second . Gwynn struck out swinging . Eckstein popped out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Top 4th . Richard pitching for Padres . Wright struck out swinging . Francoeur grounded out to third . Tatis safe at first on error by shortstop Cabrera . Murphy singled to left center , Tatis to second . Santos grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Mets . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Kouzmanoff lined out to third . Venable grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Richard pitching for Padres . Berroa struck out swinging . Hernandez grounded out to first . Pagan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Mets . Headley walked . Blanco doubled to deep center , Headley scored . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Richard grounded out to first , Blanco to third . Gwynn lined out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . Richard pitching for Padres . Cora walked . Wright walked , Cora to second . Francoeur singled to center , Cora to third , Wright to second , Cora scored on error by center fielder Gwynn . Tatis singled to center , Wright scored , Francoeur to third . Murphy grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Francoeur scored , Tatis out at second . Santos walked . Gregerson pitching for Padres . Berroa popped out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 6th . Dessens pitching for Mets . Eckstein grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez flied out to left . Kouzmanoff singled to center . Venable flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . Reed hit for Dessens . Gregerson pitching for Padres . Reed grounded out to second . Pagan flied out to left . Cora singled to left center . Wright struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Redding pitching for Mets . Headley grounded out to first . Blanco reached on infield single to second . Cabrera singled to right , Blanco to second . Salazar hit for Gregerson . Salazar singled to right , Blanco to third , Cabrera to second . Gwynn walked , Blanco scored , Cabrera to third , Salazar to second . Eckstein grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Cabrera out at home . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Adams pitching for Padres . Francoeur popped out to first . Tatis struck out looking . Murphy singled to center . Santos grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Murphy out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Green pitching for Mets . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Kouzmanoff grounded out to shortstop . Venable grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 9th . Mujica pitching for Padres . Berroa struck out swinging . Sullivan hit for Green . Sullivan singled to left . Sullivan to second on fielder 's indifference . Pagan struck out swinging . Cora flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 3 - Padres 8 .	Pads drop Mets easily