Nationals - Top 1st . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Harris flied out to center . Guzman reached on infield single to second . Zimmerman homered to right , Guzman scored . Dunn flied out to left . Willingham struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 1st . Martin pitching for Nationals . Pagan fouled out to left . Castillo struck out swinging . Wright grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Dukes reached on infield single to third . Desmond grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Dukes out at second . Bard grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Desmond out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 2nd . Martin pitching for Nationals . Beltran singled to center . Murphy struck out swinging . Francoeur flied out to center . Schneider flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Martin grounded out to shortstop . Harris flied out to center . Guzman flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 3rd . Martin pitching for Nationals . Valdez doubled to deep left center . Pelfrey sacrificed to pitcher , Valdez to third . Pagan singled to center , Valdez scored . Castillo singled to center , Pagan to second . Wright flied out to left . Beltran singled to center , Pagan scored , Castillo to third . Murphy flied out to center . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Zimmerman singled to center . Dunn flied out to left . Willingham singled to center , Zimmerman to second . Dukes grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Willingham out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 4th . Martin pitching for Nationals . Francoeur doubled to deep left center . Schneider walked . Valdez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Schneider out at second , Francoeur to third . Pelfrey grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Desmond doubled to left . Bard homered to right , Desmond scored . Martin struck out looking . Harris struck out looking . Guzman grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 5th . Martin pitching for Nationals . Pagan grounded out to second . Castillo flied out to left . Wright struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Zimmerman lined out to left . Dunn flied out to right . Willingham struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 6th . Martin pitching for Nationals . Beltran walked . Murphy flied out to center . Francoeur singled to center , Beltran to third . Villone pitching for Nationals . Tatis hit for Schneider . Tatis walked , Francoeur to second . Valdez lined out to left , Beltran thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Thole catching . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Dukes reached on infield single to catcher , Dukes to second on throwing error by catcher Thole . Desmond grounded out to second , Dukes to third . Bard hit sacrifice fly to center , Dukes scored . Morse hit for Villone . Morse grounded out to catcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mets - Bottom 7th . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Sheffield hit for Pelfrey . Sheffield lined out to second . Pagan struck out swinging . Castillo popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Green pitching for Mets . Harris grounded out to pitcher . Guzman grounded out to second . Zimmerman safe at first on error by third baseman Wright . Feliciano pitching for Mets . Dunn flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Bottom 8th . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Wright struck out swinging . Beltran struck out swinging . Murphy singled to right . Francoeur singled to right center , Murphy to third . MacDougal pitching for Nationals . Desmond at shortstop . Gonzalez at second base . Francoeur stole second . Thole struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Stokes pitching for Mets . Willingham homered to left . Dukes flied out to left . Desmond grounded out to shortstop . Bard popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 9th . Harris in left field . Maxwell in center field . Sullivan hit for Valdez . MacDougal pitching for Nationals . Sullivan walked . Reed hit for Stokes . Sullivan to second on fielder 's indifference . Reed flied out to left . Pagan walked . Castillo singled to left , Sullivan to third , Pagan to second . Wright singled to right , Sullivan scored , Pagan to third , Castillo to second . Beltran grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Pagan scored , Wright out at second , Castillo to third . Murphy safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Desmond , Castillo scored , Beltran to third . Francoeur grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Nationals 6 - Mets 5 .	Zimmerman hits 30th homer as Nats edge Mets