Brewers - Top 1st. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Podsednik grounded out to pitcher. Counsell walked. Spivey singled to left, Counsell to second. Jenkins lined into double play, center to second, Counsell doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Sheets pitching for Brewers. Womack walked. Womack stole second. Lankford struck out swinging. Womack stole third. Pujols struck out swinging. Edmonds struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Overbay struck out swinging. Helms fouled out to first. Grieve grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Sheets pitching for Brewers. Rolen singled to center. Renteria lined out to left. Sanders popped out to second. Rolen safe at third on error by Sheets. Matheny singled to center, Rolen scored. Morris lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Moeller walked. Sheets sacrificed to catcher, Moeller to second, Sheets safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Morris. Moeller to third, Sheets to first on throwing error by pitcher Morris. Podsednik grounded into fielder's choice to second, Moeller scored, Sheets safe at second on error by shortstop Renteria. Counsell sacrificed to pitcher, Sheets to third, Podsednik to second. Spivey walked. Jenkins hit sacrifice fly to left, Sheets scored. Overbay grounded into fielder's choice to second, Spivey out at second. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Sheets pitching for Brewers. Womack grounded out to second. Lankford doubled to right center. Pujols flied out to center. Edmonds lined out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Helms walked. Grieve homered to right, Helms scored. Moeller fouled out to shortstop. Sheets struck out swinging. Podsednik doubled to left. Podsednik to third on wild pitch by Morris. Counsell flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Sheets pitching for Brewers. Rolen walked. Renteria walked, Rolen to second. Sanders doubled to deep left center, Rolen scored, Renteria to third. Matheny grounded into fielder's choice to third, Renteria out at home, Sanders to third. Morris doubled to deep center, Sanders and Matheny scored. Burba pitching for Brewers. Womack walked. Lankford flied out to right, Morris to third. Womack stole second. Pujols intentionally walked. Edmonds popped out to third. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Spivey grounded out to pitcher. Jenkins flied out to left. Overbay flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Burba pitching for Brewers. Rolen flied out to center. Renteria flied out to left. Sanders struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Helms struck out swinging. Grieve flied out to center. Ginter hit for Burba. Moeller reached on infield single to third. Ginter walked, Moeller to second. Podsednik homered to right, Moeller and Ginter scored. Ford pitching for Brewers. Counsell grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Anderson hit for Morris. Ford pitching for Brewers. Matheny hit by pitch. Anderson struck out swinging. Womack singled to left, Matheny to second. Lankford grounded out to pitcher, Matheny to third, Womack to second. Pujols doubled to shallow left, Matheny and Womack scored. King pitching for Cardinals. Edmonds lined out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. King pitching for Cardinals. Spivey walked. Jenkins walked, Spivey to second. Lincoln pitching for Cardinals. Overbay grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Jenkins out at second, Spivey to third. Helms walked. Grieve reached on infield single to pitcher, Spivey scored, Helms to second. Clark in right field. Moeller struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Ford pitching for Brewers. Rolen flied out to right. Renteria flied out to right. Durrington hit for Ford. Sanders fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Lincoln pitching for Cardinals. Durrington popped out to shortstop. Podsednik struck out looking. Vizcaino pitching for Brewers. Counsell struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Cedeno hit for Lincoln. Vizcaino pitching for Brewers. Matheny singled to left. Cedeno struck out swinging. Womack struck out swinging. Tavarez pitching for Cardinals. Lankford lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Tavarez pitching for Cardinals. Spivey struck out swinging. Jenkins grounded out to pitcher. Kolb pitching for Brewers. Overbay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Kolb pitching for Brewers. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. Edmonds lined out to shortstop. Rolen grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 8 - Cardinals 6.	Brewers hold Cards to get rare lift above .500