Brewers - Top 1st. Williams pitching for Giants. Podsednik grounded out to shortstop. Counsell singled to left. Counsell stole second. Spivey flied out to right, Counsell to third. Jenkins singled to right, Counsell scored. Overbay grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Kinney pitching for Brewers. Durham walked. Snow doubled to center, Durham scored. Grissom lined out to center, Snow to third. Bonds walked. Pierzynski grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bonds out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Williams pitching for Giants. Helms reached on infield single to shortstop. Grieve grounded out to second, Helms to second. Bennett grounded out to second, Helms to third. Kinney grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Kinney pitching for Brewers. Alfonzo flied out to right. Tucker flied out to left. Perez walked. Williams grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Williams pitching for Giants. Podsednik grounded out to second. Counsell singled to left. Spivey hit by pitch, Counsell to second. Jenkins reached on infield single to first, Counsell scored, Spivey to third, Spivey scored, Jenkins to second on throwing error by first baseman Snow. Overbay grounded out to first, Jenkins to third. Helms lined out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Kinney pitching for Brewers. Durham singled to right center. Snow flied out to left. Grissom grounded out to shortstop, Durham to second. Bonds singled to center, Durham scored. Pierzynski lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Williams pitching for Giants. Grieve lined out to first. Bennett flied out to right. Kinney grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Kinney pitching for Brewers. Alfonzo flied out to left. Tucker grounded out to first. Perez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Williams pitching for Giants. Podsednik singled to left. Podsednik stole second. Counsell flied out to center. Spivey singled to center, Podsednik scored. Jenkins grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Spivey out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Kinney pitching for Brewers. Williams struck out looking. Durham walked. Snow singled to left center, Durham to second. Grissom popped out to first. Bonds homered to right, Durham and Snow scored. Pierzynski grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Williams pitching for Giants. Overbay grounded out to first. Helms struck out swinging. Grieve doubled to right. Bennett grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Kinney pitching for Brewers. Alfonzo flied out to right. Tucker singled to center. Torcato hit for Williams. Kieschnick pitching for Brewers. Perez singled to center, Tucker to third. Torcato singled to right, Tucker scored, Perez to third. Brower pitching for Giants. Durham grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Torcato out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Durrington ran for Kieschnick. Franklin pitching for Giants. Kieschnick singled to center. Podsednik reached on bunt single to first, Durrington to second. Counsell sacrificed to third, Durrington to third, Podsednik to second. Spivey grounded out to shortstop, Durrington scored. Podsednik stole third. Bennett pitching for Brewers. Jenkins struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Bennett pitching for Brewers. Snow struck out swinging. Grissom flied out to center. Bonds doubled to left center. Pierzynski singled to center, Bonds scored. Rodriguez pitching for Giants. Alfonzo grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Rodriguez pitching for Giants. Overbay flied out to left. Helms singled to center. Grieve lined out to right. Bennett fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Bennett pitching for Brewers. Tucker lined out to center. Mohr hit for Rodriguez. Perez lined out to center. Mohr walked. Vizcaino pitching for Brewers. Clark in right field. Herges pitching for Giants. Durham flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Herges pitching for Giants. Clark singled to right. Podsednik struck out swinging. Counsell singled to right, Clark to second. Spivey grounded into double play, third to second to first, Counsell out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 5 - Giants 7.	Bonds ties Mays with three-run shot; Giants win