Pirates - Top 1st. Obermueller pitching for Brewers. Redman walked. Wilson grounded out to pitcher, Redman to second. Kendall grounded out to shortstop, Redman to third. Mondesi walked. Mackowiak walked, Mondesi to second. Wilson singled to right, Redman and Mondesi scored, Mackowiak to second, Mackowiak scored on error by right fielder Clark. Rivera reached on infield single to shortstop, Wilson to second. Castillo struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Perez pitching for Pirates. Podsednik grounded out to first. Hall grounded out to pitcher. Spivey flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Obermueller pitching for Brewers. Perez grounded out to second. Redman flied out to center. Wilson lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Perez pitching for Pirates. Jenkins struck out swinging. Ginter popped out to shortstop. Clark struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Obermueller pitching for Brewers. Kendall grounded out to shortstop. Mondesi flied out to center. Mackowiak homered to right. Wilson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Perez pitching for Pirates. Helms grounded out to second. Bennett doubled to deep right. Obermueller reached on infield single to third. Podsednik hit by pitch, Bennett to third, Obermueller to second. Hall safe at first on error by third baseman Mackowiak, Bennett scored, Obermueller to third, Podsednik to second. Spivey grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Obermueller out at home, Podsednik to third, Hall to second. Jenkins struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 4th. Obermueller pitching for Brewers. Rivera singled to center. Castillo singled to center, Rivera to second. Perez walked, Rivera to third, Castillo to second. Kieschnick pitching for Brewers. Redman popped out to shortstop. Wilson doubled to deep left, Rivera and Castillo scored, Perez to third. Kendall grounded out to third, Perez scored. Mondesi grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Perez pitching for Pirates. Ginter struck out swinging. Clark flied out to center. Helms struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Kieschnick pitching for Brewers. Mackowiak struck out looking. Wilson walked. Rivera grounded out to shortstop, Wilson to second. Castillo struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Perez pitching for Pirates. Bennett singled to right. Kieschnick singled to right, Bennett to second. Podsednik singled to right center, Bennett to third, Kieschnick to second. Hall singled to right, Bennett scored, Kieschnick to third, Podsednik to second. Spivey struck out swinging. Jenkins singled to right, Kieschnick and Podsednik scored, Hall to third. Ginter grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hall scored, Jenkins out at second. Clark singled to right, Ginter to second. Ford pitching for Brewers. Nunez hit for Perez. Helms struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Ford pitching for Brewers. Nunez grounded out to first. Redman grounded out to second. Meadows pitching for Pirates. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Grieve hit for Ford. Meadows pitching for Pirates. Bennett safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Castillo. Grieve doubled to deep left, Bennett scored. Podsednik sacrificed to first, Grieve to third. Hall struck out looking. Burba pitching for Brewers. Spivey struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 7th. Burba pitching for Brewers. Kendall flied out to center. Mondesi flied out to center. Mackowiak struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Meadows pitching for Pirates. Jenkins singled to left. Ginter lined into double play, third to first, Jenkins doubled off first. Clark grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Burba pitching for Brewers. Wilson struck out swinging. Rivera grounded out to second. Torres pitching for Pirates. Castillo flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Torres pitching for Pirates. Helms struck out swinging. Durrington ran for Bennett. Overbay hit for Burba. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Bennett singled to center. Overbay doubled to deep center, Durrington scored. Podsednik struck out swinging. Moeller catching. Kolb pitching for Brewers. Overbay at first base. Hill hit for Grabow. Hall struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Kolb pitching for Brewers. Hill grounded out to first. Redman fouled out to third. Vizcaino pitching for Brewers. Boyd pitching for Pirates. Wilson singled to left, Wilson out stretching at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 9th. Boyd pitching for Pirates. Spivey flied out to center. Jenkins doubled to deep left. Ginter intentionally walked. Clark flied out to right. Moeller grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 10th. Vizcaino pitching for Brewers. Kendall singled to center. Mondesi lined out to left. Mackowiak struck out swinging, Kendall stole second. Kendall stole third. Wilson doubled to deep center, Kendall scored. Mackowiak in left field. Mesa pitching for Pirates. Stynes at third base. Counsell hit for Vizcaino. Rivera struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 10th. Mesa pitching for Pirates. Counsell struck out swinging. Overbay flied out to left. Podsednik grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 8 - Brewers 7.	Pirates edge Brewers in 10-inning thriller