Astros - Top 1st. Davis pitching for Brewers. Biggio singled to center. Everett bunt popped out to pitcher. Bagwell grounded into double play, third to second to first, Biggio out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Redding pitching for Astros. Podsednik grounded out to second. Spivey flied out to center. Jenkins singled to center. Overbay grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jenkins out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Davis pitching for Brewers. Kent doubled to deep right. Kent caught stealing third, catcher to third. Berkman walked. Hidalgo struck out swinging. Berkman to second on balk by Davis. Ensberg reached on infield single to third, Berkman to third. Ausmus singled to left, Berkman scored, Ensberg to second. Redding grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ausmus out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Redding pitching for Astros. Hall lined out to center. Grieve walked. Moeller singled to right, Grieve to second. Counsell lined out to center. Davis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Davis pitching for Brewers. Biggio walked. Everett sacrificed to first, Biggio to second. Bagwell flied out to center. Kent lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Redding pitching for Astros. Podsednik struck out swinging. Spivey homered to left. Jenkins safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Bagwell. Overbay singled to left, Jenkins to second. Hall walked, Jenkins to third, Overbay to second. Grieve grounded out to second, Jenkins scored, Overbay to third, Hall to second. Moeller lined out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 4th. Davis pitching for Brewers. Berkman walked. Hidalgo grounded into double play, third to second to first, Berkman out at second. Ensberg walked. Ausmus flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Redding pitching for Astros. Counsell flied out to center. Davis grounded out to first. Podsednik grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Davis pitching for Brewers. Redding struck out swinging. Biggio lined out to third. Everett grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Lane in right field. Redding pitching for Astros. Spivey flied out to right. Jenkins singled to center. Overbay walked, Jenkins to second. Hall grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Overbay out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Davis pitching for Brewers. Bagwell walked. Kent grounded into double play, third to second to first, Bagwell out at second. Berkman homered to right center. Lane doubled to deep left. Ensberg singled to center, Lane scored. Ausmus struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Redding pitching for Astros. Grieve singled to center. Moeller reached on infield single to shortstop, Grieve to second. Liefer hit for Davis. Gallo pitching for Astros. Vizcaino at third base. Ginter hit for Liefer. Counsell sacrificed to third, Grieve to third, Moeller to second. Ginter grounded out to third. Podsednik homered to right, Grieve and Moeller scored. Spivey doubled to deep left center. Clark in right field. Wise pitching for Brewers. Jenkins struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Wise pitching for Brewers. Vizcaino grounded out to first. Biggio grounded out to pitcher. Everett struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Gallo pitching for Astros. Overbay reached on infield single to shortstop, Overbay to second on throwing error by shortstop Everett. Harville pitching for Astros. Hall grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Overbay out at third. Clark singled to right, Hall to second. Moeller reached on infield single to second, Hall to third, Clark to second. Kieschnick hit for Wise. Counsell singled to right, Hall and Clark scored, Moeller to second. Kieschnick struck out swinging. Podsednik hit ground rule double to deep right, Moeller scored, Counsell to third. Kieschnick pitching for Brewers. Spivey grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 8th. Kieschnick pitching for Brewers. Bagwell struck out looking. Kent grounded out to third. Stone pitching for Astros. Berkman fouled out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Stone pitching for Astros. Jenkins homered to center. Overbay singled to center. Hall popped out to second. Clark grounded into fielder's choice to third, Overbay out at second. Moeller struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Palmeiro hit for Stone. Kieschnick pitching for Brewers. Lane flied out to center. Palmeiro popped out to third. Ausmus flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 3 - Brewers 9.	Brewers take a ride on Redding, beat Astros