Astros - Top 1st. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Biggio walked. Everett sacrificed to pitcher, Biggio to second. Bagwell flied into double play, left to second, Biggio doubled off second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Podsednik singled to center. Spivey hit by pitch, Podsednik to second. Jenkins grounded out to second, Podsednik to third, Spivey to second. Overbay struck out swinging. Ginter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Kent lined out to second. Ensberg flied out to center. Lane grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Grieve flied out to center. Moeller struck out swinging. Counsell grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Chavez popped out to first. Palmeiro grounded out to shortstop. Oswalt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Capuano grounded out to shortstop. Podsednik fouled out to third. Spivey lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Biggio hit by pitch. Everett struck out swinging. Bagwell walked, Biggio to second. Kent safe at first on error by third baseman Ginter, Biggio to third, Bagwell to second. Ensberg struck out looking. Lane doubled to deep left center, Biggio, Bagwell and Kent scored. Chavez struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Jenkins walked. Overbay flied out to left. Ginter singled to left, Jenkins to second. Grieve singled to right, Jenkins scored, Ginter to second. Moeller grounded into double play, third to second to first, Grieve out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Palmeiro doubled to left. Oswalt sacrificed to pitcher, Palmeiro to third. Biggio singled to center, Palmeiro scored. Everett grounded into fielder's choice to third, Biggio out at second. Bagwell singled to right, Everett to second. Kent struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Liefer hit for Capuano. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Counsell singled to center. Liefer doubled to deep right, Counsell to third. Podsednik reached on bunt single to second, Counsell scored. Spivey singled to left, Liefer scored, Podsednik to second. Jenkins struck out swinging. Overbay grounded out to first, Podsednik to third, Spivey to second. Ginter doubled to deep right, Podsednik and Spivey scored. Grieve singled to center, Ginter scored, Grieve to second advancing on throw. Gallo pitching for Astros. Moeller hit by pitch. Counsell walked, Grieve to third, Moeller to second. Kinney pitching for Brewers. Liefer struck out looking. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Kinney pitching for Brewers. Ensberg singled to left. Lane struck out swinging. Chavez struck out swinging. Lamb hit for Gallo. Palmeiro singled to right center, Ensberg to second. Harville pitching for Astros. Lamb struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Harville pitching for Astros. Podsednik lined out to left. Spivey grounded out to pitcher. Jenkins lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Adams pitching for Brewers. Biggio walked. Everett flied out to center. Bagwell lined out to right. Miceli pitching for Astros. Kent struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Miceli pitching for Astros. Overbay homered to right. Ginter struck out swinging. Grieve walked. Moeller grounded into fielder's choice to third, Grieve to second. Kieschnick hit for Adams. Counsell singled to right, Grieve to third, Moeller to second. Clark in right field. Vizcaino pitching for Brewers. Kieschnick grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Counsell out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Vizcaino pitching for Brewers. Ensberg lined out to center. Lane struck out swinging. Bullinger pitching for Astros. Chavez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Bullinger pitching for Astros. Podsednik struck out looking. Spivey struck out swinging. Kolb pitching for Brewers. Jenkins struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Vizcaino hit for Bullinger. Kolb pitching for Brewers. Palmeiro flied out to right. Vizcaino grounded out to second. Biggio struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 4 - Brewers 7.	Splendid Ginter helps Brewers rally past Astros