Pirates - Top 1st. Sheets pitching for Brewers. Kendall fouled out to right. Wilson flied out to right. Mackowiak doubled to deep right. Simon homered to right, Mackowiak scored. Bay grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Wells pitching for Pirates. Podsednik struck out looking. Clark singled to right. Jenkins singled to left, Clark to second. Branyan walked, Clark to third, Jenkins to second. Overbay grounded into double play, third to second to first, Branyan out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Sheets pitching for Brewers. Redman popped out to shortstop. Wigginton lined out to center. Nunez singled to center. Wells struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Wells pitching for Pirates. Hall struck out swinging. Moeller grounded out to third. Counsell popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Sheets pitching for Brewers. Kendall grounded out to second. Wilson singled to center. Mackowiak struck out swinging. Simon singled to right, Wilson to third. Bay struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Wells pitching for Pirates. Sheets struck out swinging. Podsednik grounded out to shortstop. Clark grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Sheets pitching for Brewers. Redman flied out to left. Wigginton grounded out to shortstop. Nunez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Wells pitching for Pirates. Jenkins struck out swinging. Branyan hit ground rule double to deep right center. Overbay singled to right, Branyan to third. Hall singled to right, Branyan scored, Overbay to third. Moeller grounded out to second, Overbay scored, Hall to second. Counsell intentionally walked. Sheets singled to right, Hall tagged out at home, Counsell to third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Sheets pitching for Brewers. Wells doubled to deep left. Kendall struck out swinging. Wilson doubled to deep left center, Wells scored. Wilson caught stealing third, catcher to third. Mackowiak struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Wells pitching for Pirates. Podsednik lined out to center. Clark grounded out to shortstop. Jenkins homered to left center. Branyan walked. Overbay struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Sheets pitching for Brewers. Simon grounded out to first. Bay singled to left. Redman grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bay out at second. Wigginton flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Wells pitching for Pirates. Hall struck out looking. Moeller singled to left. Counsell struck out swinging. Moeller caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Sheets pitching for Brewers. Nunez singled to left. Wells sacrificed to first, Nunez to second. Kendall doubled to deep center, Nunez scored. Wilson struck out swinging. Grieve hit for Sheets. Mackowiak singled to right, Kendall scored, Mackowiak thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Gonzalez pitching for Pirates. Grieve singled to center. Podsednik singled to right, Grieve to second. Clark reached on bunt single to third, Grieve to third, Podsednik to second. Helms hit for Branyan. Jenkins grounded out to shortstop, Grieve scored, Podsednik to third, Clark to second. Helms flied out to right. Helms at third base. Adams pitching for Brewers. Overbay struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Adams pitching for Brewers. Simon singled to center. Bay popped out to third. Redman flied out to right. Torres pitching for Pirates. Wigginton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Torres pitching for Pirates. Hall doubled to deep left. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Moeller flied out to right, Hall to third. Durrington hit for Adams. Counsell reached on bunt single to shortstop, Hall scored. Durrington struck out swinging. Counsell stole second, Counsell safe at third on throwing error by catcher Kendall. Podsednik tripled to deep right, Counsell scored. Podsednik scored on Grabow's wild pitch. Kolb pitching for Brewers. Clark lined out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 9th. Hill hit for Grabow. Kolb pitching for Brewers. Nunez grounded out to pitcher. Hill walked. Kendall hit by pitch, Hill to second. Vizcaino pitching for Brewers. Wilson doubled to left, Hill scored, Kendall to third. Mackowiak hit sacrifice fly to right, Kendall scored, Wilson to third. Meadows pitching for Pirates. Simon popped out to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 9th. Meadows pitching for Pirates. Jenkins doubled to deep right. Helms singled to left, Jenkins to third. Overbay intentionally walked, Helms to second. Hall singled to center, Jenkins scored, Helms to third, Overbay to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 7 - Brewers 8.	Hall's hit in 9th lifts Brewers over Pirates