Brewers - Top 1st. Clement pitching for Cubs. Podsednik walked. Counsell grounded out to shortstop, Podsednik to second. Podsednik caught stealing third, catcher to third. Overbay grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 1st. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Patterson reached on infield single to third. Lee singled to center, Patterson to second. Garciaparra struck out swinging. Alou homered to left, Patterson and Lee scored. Sosa struck out looking. Ramirez grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Clement pitching for Cubs. Branyan struck out swinging. Jenkins walked. Clark flied out to right. Hall fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 2nd. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Grudzielanek doubled to deep left center. Barrett lined out to shortstop. Clement reached on infield single to shortstop, Grudzielanek to third. Patterson hit by pitch, Clement to second. Obermueller pitching for Brewers. Lee homered to center, Grudzielanek, Clement and Patterson scored. Garciaparra grounded out to pitcher. Alou grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Clement pitching for Cubs. Moeller struck out swinging. Obermueller struck out looking. Podsednik walked. Podsednik stole second. Counsell grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 3rd. Obermueller pitching for Brewers. Sosa grounded out to third. Ramirez homered to left. Grudzielanek singled to right. Barrett struck out swinging. Clement struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Clement pitching for Cubs. Overbay grounded out to pitcher. Branyan struck out swinging. Jenkins struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 4th. Obermueller pitching for Brewers. Patterson doubled to center. Lee flied out to right, Patterson to third. Garciaparra grounded into fielder's choice to third, Patterson out at home. Alou homered to left center, Garciaparra scored. Sosa grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Clement pitching for Cubs. Clark doubled to right. Hall homered to left, Clark scored. Helms hit for Obermueller. Moeller singled to center. Helms struck out looking. Podsednik homered to left center, Moeller scored. Counsell reached on infield single to pitcher. Overbay singled to center, Counsell to third. Magruder hit for Jenkins. Branyan struck out swinging. Magruder in left field. Phelps pitching for Brewers. Magruder struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 5th. Phelps pitching for Brewers. Ramirez safe at first on error by second baseman Hall. Grudzielanek grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ramirez out at second. Barrett grounded into fielder's choice to third, Grudzielanek to second. Clement bunt popped out to first. Patterson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 6th. Clement pitching for Cubs. Clark grounded out to pitcher. Hall singled to left. Grieve hit for Phelps. Moeller grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hall out at second. Wise pitching for Brewers. Grieve lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 6th. Wise pitching for Brewers. Lee struck out looking. Garciaparra grounded out to third. Alou walked. Sosa walked, Alou to second. Ramirez hit by pitch, Alou to third, Sosa to second. Grudzielanek walked, Alou scored, Sosa to third, Ramirez to second. Goodwin hit for Clement. Bennett pitching for Brewers. Martinez ran for Ramirez. Barrett singled to left, Sosa scored, Ramirez to third, Grudzielanek to second. Martinez at third base. Rusch pitching for Cubs. Goodwin struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Rusch pitching for Cubs. Podsednik singled to center. Counsell fouled out to third. Overbay grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Podsednik out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 7th. Burba pitching for Brewers. Branyan at first base. Durrington at third base. Patterson doubled to left. Lee struck out swinging. Macias hit for Garciaparra. Macias hit by pitch. Patterson to third, Macias to second on wild pitch by Burba. Alou hit sacrifice fly to left, Patterson scored, Macias to third. Macias at third base. Walker in left field. Martinez at shortstop. Sosa struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Rusch pitching for Cubs. Branyan struck out looking. Magruder doubled to shallow right. Clark singled to left center, Magruder to third. Hall struck out swinging. Moeller flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 8th. Burba pitching for Brewers. Martinez flied out to center. Grudzielanek struck out swinging. Barrett reached on infield single to shortstop. Rusch grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Rusch pitching for Cubs. Durrington grounded out to shortstop. Podsednik grounded out to second. Counsell flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 4 - Cubs 13.	Cubs break out whuppin' sticks, rout Brewers