Phillies - Top 1st . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Rollins fouled out to third . Revere grounded out to shortstop . Young grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Span flied out to left . Harper flied out to left . Zimmerman singled to right . LaRoche flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Howard doubled to deep center . Young grounded out to shortstop , Howard to third . Brown singled to right , Howard scored . Galvis grounded out to first , Brown to second . Kratz grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Desmond fouled out to first . Suzuki walked . Moore flied out to right . Lombardozzi singled to center , Suzuki to third , Lombardozzi to second advancing on throw . Zimmermann grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Kendrick struck out swinging . Rollins grounded out to first . Revere grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Span flied out to right . Harper walked . Zimmerman walked , Harper to second . LaRoche walked , Harper to third , Zimmerman to second . Desmond hit sacrifice fly to right , Harper scored , Zimmerman to third . Suzuki flied out to center . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Young grounded out to second . Howard flied out to center . Young grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Moore safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Rollins . Lombardozzi singled to center , Moore thrown out at home , Lombardozzi to second advancing on throw . Zimmermann popped out to second . Span lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 5th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Brown singled to right . Brown to second on wild pitch by Zimmermann . Galvis singled to right center , Brown to third . Kratz hit sacrifice fly to right , Brown scored . Kendrick singled to center , Galvis to second . Rollins singled to left , Galvis to third , Kendrick to second . Revere grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rollins out at second . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Harper singled to left . Zimmerman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Harper out at second . LaRoche tripled to deep center , Zimmerman scored . Desmond struck out looking . Suzuki singled to left , LaRoche scored . Moore reached on infield single to third , Suzuki to second . Lombardozzi doubled to deep right center , Suzuki and Moore scored . Zimmermann grounded out to pitcher . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Young grounded out to second . Howard safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Lombardozzi . Young grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Howard out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Stutes pitching for Phillies . Span bunt grounded out to pitcher . Harper grounded out to first . Zimmerman popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Brown grounded out to second . Galvis flied out to center . Kratz grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Stutes pitching for Phillies . LaRoche struck out swinging . Desmond struck out looking . Suzuki flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Clippard pitching for Nationals . Frandsen hit for Stutes . Frandsen struck out swinging . Rollins grounded out to second . Revere popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Rosenberg pitching for Phillies . Moore walked . Bernadina ran for Moore . Lombardozzi grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Bernadina out at second . Tracy hit for Clippard . Horst pitching for Phillies . Tracy singled to center . Span reached on infield single to shortstop , Tracy to second . Harper grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Bernadina in left field . Soriano pitching for Nationals . Young popped out to first . Howard struck out swinging . Young flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 2 - Nationals 5 .	Nats ' Zimmermann 1st in NL to win 8 games