Marlins - Top 1st. Lawrence pitching for Padres. Pierre bunt grounded out to catcher. Aguila struck out looking. Delgado struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Roberts flied out to center. Loretta singled to center. Loretta caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Klesko singled to center. Nevin grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Lawrence pitching for Padres. Cabrera grounded out to third. Conine singled to left. Easley grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Conine out at second. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Giles singled to right. Hernandez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Giles out at second. Burroughs singled to center. Greene doubled to deep center, Burroughs scored, Greene to third on throwing error by second baseman Easley. Lawrence fouled out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 3rd. Lawrence pitching for Padres. Treanor grounded out to third. Burnett grounded out to shortstop. Pierre grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Roberts grounded out to first. Loretta grounded out to shortstop. Klesko singled to right. Nevin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Lawrence pitching for Padres. Aguila grounded out to pitcher. Delgado singled to left. Cabrera flied out to right. Conine singled to right, Delgado to second. Easley grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Giles flied out to left. Hernandez struck out swinging. Burroughs struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Lawrence pitching for Padres. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Treanor struck out swinging. Burnett grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Greene reached on infield single to third. Lawrence sacrificed to pitcher, Greene to second. Roberts walked, Greene to third on passed ball. Roberts batting. Roberts stole second. Loretta flied out to right. Klesko intentionally walked. Nevin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Lawrence pitching for Padres. Pierre grounded out to first. Aguila grounded out to second. Delgado singled to right. Cabrera singled to right center, Delgado to third. Conine singled to right center, Delgado scored, Cabrera to second. Easley doubled to deep center, Cabrera and Conine scored. Seanez pitching for Padres. Gonzalez doubled to deep right, Easley scored. Treanor popped out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Giles lined out to left. Hernandez flied out to right. Burroughs grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Seanez pitching for Padres. Burnett flied out to right. Pierre grounded out to second. Aguila reached on infield single to third. Delgado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Sweeney hit for Seanez. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Greene singled to right. Sweeney walked, Greene to second. Roberts grounded into fielder's choice to first, Greene to third, Sweeney safe at second on error by first baseman Delgado. Perisho pitching for Marlins. Loretta walked, Greene scored, Sweeney to third, Roberts to second. Mecir pitching for Marlins. Klesko walked, Sweeney scored, Roberts to third, Loretta to second. Nevin reached on infield single to second, Roberts scored, Loretta to third, Klesko to second. Giles singled to right center, Loretta and Klesko scored, Nevin to third. Hernandez singled to right, Nevin scored, Giles to second. Burroughs sacrificed to pitcher, Giles to third, Hernandez to second. Greene grounded into fielder's choice to third, Giles out at home, Hernandez to third. Sweeney singled to center, Hernandez scored, Greene to third. Roberts homered to right, Greene and Sweeney scored. Nady in left field. Linebrink pitching for Padres. Loretta lined out to third. 10 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 8th. Linebrink pitching for Padres. Cabrera singled to right. Conine grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cabrera out at second. Crowell pitching for Marlins. Easley lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Crowell pitching for Marlins. Nady doubled to deep left. Nevin singled to left, Nady to third. Giles hit sacrifice fly to center, Nady scored. Jackson hit for Burroughs. Hernandez flied out to left. Ojeda catching. Jackson at third base. Hammond pitching for Padres. Jackson struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Hammond pitching for Padres. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Encarnacion hit for Crowell. Treanor flied out to left. Encarnacion flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 4 - Padres 12.	Fish fry: Roberts, Giles power Padres' rout of Marlins