Padres - Top 1st. Dessens pitching for Dodgers. Jackson flied out to center. Sweeney singled to center. Klesko grounded into fielder's choice to first, Sweeney out at second. Giles flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Lawrence pitching for Padres. Izturis hit by pitch. Perez flied out to left. Izturis stole second. Drew walked. Kent struck out swinging. Werth grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Dessens pitching for Dodgers. Fick doubled to left. Burroughs flied out to center. Nady grounded out to shortstop, Fick to third. Greene intentionally walked. Lawrence grounded into fielder's choice to third, Greene out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Lawrence pitching for Padres. Choi doubled to deep left center. Phillips lined into double play, second to shortstop, Choi doubled off second. Edwards grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Dessens pitching for Dodgers. Jackson grounded out to third. Sweeney flied out to left. Klesko safe at first on error by second baseman Kent. Giles doubled to deep center, Klesko to third. Fick singled to right, Klesko and Giles scored. Burroughs struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Lawrence pitching for Padres. Dessens grounded out to second. Izturis safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Burroughs. Perez out on batter's interference to catcher. Perez batting. Drew singled to right, Izturis to third. Kent grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Drew out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Padres - Top 4th. Dessens pitching for Dodgers. Nady grounded out to shortstop. Greene flied out to center. Lawrence struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Lawrence pitching for Padres. Werth singled to left center. Choi popped out to second. Phillips lined out to shortstop. Edwards grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Dessens pitching for Dodgers. Jackson singled to right. Sweeney flied out to center. Klesko walked, Jackson to second. Giles singled to center, Jackson scored, Klesko to second. Fick fouled out to third. Grabowski hit for Dessens. Burroughs grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Lawrence pitching for Padres. Grabowski walked. Izturis grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Grabowski out at second. Carrara pitching for Dodgers. Perez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Carrara pitching for Dodgers. Nady struck out swinging. Greene doubled to left. Lawrence struck out looking. Jackson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Lawrence pitching for Padres. Drew grounded out to first. Kent grounded out to third. Werth flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Carrara pitching for Dodgers. Sweeney walked. Klesko doubled to right, Sweeney scored. Giles singled to right center, Klesko to third. Fick hit sacrifice fly to center, Klesko scored. McAnulty in left field. Burroughs grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Giles out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Lawrence pitching for Padres. Choi grounded out to second. Phillips singled to center. Ross hit for Carrara. Edwards struck out swinging. Ross grounded into fielder's choice to third, Phillips safe at second on error by third baseman Burroughs. Erickson pitching for Dodgers. Izturis lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Padres - Top 8th. Erickson pitching for Dodgers. Nady grounded out to third. Greene walked. Lawrence sacrificed to pitcher, Greene to second. Jackson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Lawrence pitching for Padres. Perez struck out swinging. Drew walked. Seanez pitching for Padres. Kent singled to center, Drew to second. Werth singled to left, Drew to third, Kent to second. Choi walked, Drew scored, Kent to third, Werth to second. Kent and Werth scored, Choi to second on wild pitch by Seanez. Saenz hit for Edwards. Phillips grounded out to catcher, Choi to third. Werth in left field. Repko in right field. Sanchez pitching for Dodgers. Saenz struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Sanchez pitching for Dodgers. Sweeney singled to center. McAnulty singled to left, Sweeney to second. Sweeney to third, McAnulty to second on wild pitch by Sanchez. Giles intentionally walked. Fick popped out to second. Burroughs walked, Sweeney scored, McAnulty to third, Giles to second. Nady singled to center, McAnulty and Giles scored, Burroughs to second. Blum hit for Seanez. Greene flied out to center. Reyes pitching for Padres. Rose hit for Sanchez. Blum grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 9th. Reyes pitching for Padres. Rose singled to left. Izturis grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Rose out at second. Perez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 8 - Dodgers 3.	St. Lawrence: Righty shuts down Dodgers in Padres' win