Cardinals - Top 1st. Williams pitching for Padres. Eckstein fouled out to catcher. Nunez doubled to deep right. Pujols popped out to first. Edmonds grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Young singled to center. Loretta grounded into fielder's choice to right, Young out at second. Giles struck out swinging. Nevin walked, Loretta to second. Randa flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Williams pitching for Padres. Gall doubled to left center. Grudzielanek singled to right, Gall to third. Taguchi walked, Grudzielanek to second. Diaz grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gall scored, Taguchi out at second, Grudzielanek to third. Mulder struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Nady singled to right. Greene flied out to center. Jackson grounded into double play, third to second to first, Nady out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Williams pitching for Padres. Eckstein lined out to third. Nunez grounded out to shortstop. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Williams lined out to shortstop. Young lined out to shortstop. Loretta walked. Giles singled to right, Loretta to second. Nevin grounded into fielder's choice to third, Loretta out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Williams pitching for Padres. Edmonds grounded out to second. Gall safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Randa. Grudzielanek flied out to left. Taguchi singled to center, Gall to second. Diaz grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Padres - Bottom 4th. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Randa flied out to center. Nady singled to center. Greene grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Nady out at second. Greene stole second. Jackson reached on infield single to third, Greene to third. Williams popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Williams pitching for Padres. Mulder singled to center. Eckstein grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Mulder out at second. Nunez lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Young grounded out to shortstop. Loretta doubled to left. Giles walked. Nevin grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Giles out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Williams pitching for Padres. Pujols homered to left center. Edmonds grounded out to first. Gall singled to right center. Grudzielanek singled to left, Gall to second. Taguchi singled to right, Gall scored, Grudzielanek to second, Grudzielanek to third advancing on throw. Diaz sacrificed to pitcher, Grudzielanek scored, Taguchi to second. Mulder grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Randa reached on infield single to shortstop. Nady doubled to deep center, Randa to third. Greene singled to center, Randa scored, Nady to third. Blum hit for Williams. Jackson grounded out to second, Nady scored, Greene to second. Blum grounded out to shortstop. Eldred pitching for Cardinals. Quantrill pitching for Padres. Young grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Quantrill pitching for Padres. Eckstein grounded out to shortstop. Nunez struck out swinging. Pujols doubled to deep right. Edmonds intentionally walked. Gall grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pujols out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Eldred pitching for Cardinals. Loretta walked. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Rodriguez in left field. Tavarez pitching for Cardinals. Giles batting. Nevin fouled out to catcher. Tavarez pitching for Cardinals. Randa grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Loretta out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Quantrill pitching for Padres. Grudzielanek popped out to second. Taguchi struck out swinging. Diaz flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Tavarez pitching for Cardinals. Nady walked. Greene grounded into double play, third to second to first, Nady out at second. Klesko hit for Quantrill. King pitching for Cardinals. Jackson singled to center. Otsuka pitching for Padres. Klesko grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Otsuka pitching for Padres. Rodriguez flied out to left. Eckstein flied out to left. Mabry in right field. Taguchi in left field. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Nunez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 9th. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Young struck out looking. Loretta grounded out to third. Giles walked. Nevin lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 4 - Padres 2.	Cardinals deal reeling Padres eighth straight loss