Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Ho Park pitching for Padres. Counsell grounded out to second. Tracy struck out swinging. Gonzalez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Roberts singled to left. Loretta singled to right, Roberts to third. Roberts scored, Loretta to second on wild pitch by Vazquez. Fick struck out swinging. Giles walked. Randa struck out looking. Greene singled to center, Loretta scored, Giles to third. Olivo safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Glaus, Giles scored, Greene to second. Johnson struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Ho Park pitching for Padres. Clark grounded out to first. Glaus struck out swinging. Green flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Park fouled out to catcher. Roberts struck out swinging. Loretta singled to shallow center. Fick walked, Loretta to second. Giles flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Ho Park pitching for Padres. Clayton grounded out to pitcher. Snyder grounded out to shortstop. Vazquez singled to left. Counsell walked, Vazquez to second. Tracy flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Randa grounded out to third. Greene grounded out to third. Olivo fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Ho Park pitching for Padres. Gonzalez walked. Clark singled to right, Gonzalez to second. Glaus struck out looking. Gonzalez to third on wild pitch by Park. Green struck out looking. Clayton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Johnson doubled to deep left. Park sacrificed to third, Johnson to third. Johnson caught stealing home, to catcher. Roberts homered to left. Loretta flied out to left. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Ho Park pitching for Padres. Snyder grounded out to third. Vazquez grounded out to third. Counsell bunt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Fick flied out to left. Giles flied out to center. Randa flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Ho Park pitching for Padres. Tracy lined out to second. Gonzalez homered to right. Clark grounded out to second. Glaus flied out to center. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Greene reached on infield single to third. Olivo singled to left, Greene to second. Burroughs hit for Park. Johnson homered to center, Greene and Olivo scored. Park struck out swinging. Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks. Roberts reached on infield single to second. Roberts stole second. Loretta walked. Fick singled to right, Roberts scored, Loretta to second. Jackson ran for Giles. Giles grounded into fielder's choice to first, Fick out at second, Loretta to third, Loretta scored on throwing error by shortstop Clayton. Jackson in left field. Johnson in right field. Randa grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jackson out at second. 5 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Hensley pitching for Padres. Burroughs at third base. Green walked. McCracken hit for Snyder. Clayton walked, Green to second. Jackson hit for Cormier. McCracken lined out to center. Jackson flied out to center. Counsell reached on infield single to pitcher, Green to third, Clayton to second, Green scored, Clayton to third, Counsell to second on throwing error by pitcher Hensley.R Clayton scored. Tracy singled to center, Counsell scored. Hammond pitching for Padres. Gonzalez doubled to deep center, Tracy to third. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. Stinnett catching. Clark popped out to second. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. Greene singled to center. Olivo struck out swinging. Johnson flied out to right. Burroughs singled to center, Greene to third. Roberts flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Hammond pitching for Padres. Glaus grounded out to pitcher. Green singled to left. Cintron hit for Medders. Linebrink pitching for Padres. Clayton singled to center, Green to second. Cintron singled to left, Green scored, Clayton thrown out at third. Bulger pitching for Diamondbacks. Stinnett fouled out to first. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Bulger pitching for Diamondbacks. Loretta doubled to deep left. Fick flied out to center. Klesko hit for Linebrink. Jackson struck out swinging, Loretta to third on wild pitch by Bulger. Klesko intentionally walked. Otsuka pitching for Padres. Greene popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Otsuka pitching for Padres. Counsell struck out swinging. Tracy lined out to left. Gonzalez walked. Clark struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 5 - Padres 9.	Padres down D-Backs, lead NL West with .500 record