Nationals - Top 1st. Astacio pitching for Padres. Wilkerson flied out to center. Carroll grounded out to shortstop. Guillen doubled to deep left. Johnson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Loaiza pitching for Nationals. Roberts singled to right. Loretta lined out to center. Young struck out looking. Giles singled to right, Roberts to third. Randa struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Astacio pitching for Padres. Wilson singled to center. Wilson stole second. Castilla flied out to right, Wilson to third. Guzman hit sacrifice fly to right, Wilson scored. Bennett singled to left. Loaiza grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bennett out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Loaiza pitching for Nationals. Greene singled to center. Nady hit by pitch, Greene to second. Olivo struck out swinging. Astacio grounded into double play, first to third to second, Greene out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Astacio pitching for Padres. Wilkerson struck out swinging. Carroll grounded out to shortstop. Guillen grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Loaiza pitching for Nationals. Roberts grounded out to shortstop. Loretta safe at first on error by third baseman Castilla. Young sacrificed to catcher, Loretta to second. Giles flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 4th. Astacio pitching for Padres. Johnson walked. Wilson flied out to right. Castilla popped out to shortstop. Johnson caught stealing second, pitcher to shortstop. Guzman batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Loaiza pitching for Nationals. Randa struck out swinging. Greene flied out to left. Nady singled to center. Olivo doubled to right center, Nady to third. Astacio grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Astacio pitching for Padres. Guzman grounded out to second. Bennett flied out to right. Loaiza grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Loaiza pitching for Nationals. Roberts flied out to left. Loretta flied out to left. Young struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Astacio pitching for Padres. Wilkerson lined out to shortstop. Carroll walked. Guillen grounded into double play, third to second to first, Carroll out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Loaiza pitching for Nationals. Giles grounded out to second. Randa flied out to right. Greene flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Astacio pitching for Padres. Johnson flied out to right. Wilson struck out swinging. Castilla grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Jackson ran for Nady. Loaiza pitching for Nationals. Nady reached on infield single to shortstop. Fick hit for Astacio. Olivo reached on bunt single to first, Jackson to second. Fick sacrificed to pitcher, Jackson to third, Olivo to second. Seanez pitching for Padres. Fick at first base. Roberts grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Olivo out at third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Seanez pitching for Padres. Guzman singled to left center. Watson hit for Loaiza. Bennett singled to right, Guzman to second. Watson struck out bunting foul. Vidro hit for Carroll. Wilkerson lined out to first. Majewski pitching for Nationals. Cruz at second base. Vidro grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Alexander hit for Young. Majewski pitching for Nationals. Loretta singled to right. Young bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Alexander out at second. Giles walked, Young to second. Randa hit by pitch, Young to third, Giles to second. Sweeney hit for Seanez. Eischen pitching for Nationals. Hernandez hit for Sweeney. Greene hit sacrifice fly to center, Young scored. Alexander at second base. Otsuka pitching for Padres. Hernandez grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Otsuka pitching for Padres. Guillen walked. Johnson grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Guillen out at second. Wilson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 9th. Eischen pitching for Nationals. Olivo reached on infield single to shortstop. Fick hit by pitch, Olivo to second. Roberts sacrificed to pitcher, Olivo to third, Fick to second, Roberts safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Eischen. Olivo scored on throwing error by pitcher Eischen. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Final score: Nationals 1 - Padres 2.	Padres deal Nationals another heartbreaking loss