Orioles - Top 1st . Perez pitching for Dodgers . Roberts bunt popped out foul to catcher . Hairston Jr walked . Mora flied out to right . Tejada grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hairston Jr out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Riley pitching for Orioles . Izturis struck out swinging . Werth struck out swinging . Bradley grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Perez pitching for Dodgers . Palmeiro walked . Lopez flied out to center . Gibbons grounded out to first , Palmeiro to second . Matos struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Riley pitching for Orioles . Green safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Riley , Green to second on throwing error by pitcher Riley . Lo Duca safe at first on error by shortstop Tejada , Green to third . Beltre popped out to first . Encarnacion struck out looking . Hernandez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Perez pitching for Dodgers . Riley struck out swinging . Roberts struck out swinging . Hairston Jr singled to center . Hairston Jr caught stealing second , catcher to second . Mora batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Riley pitching for Orioles . Perez flied out to left . Izturis singled to center . Werth grounded into fielder 's choice to center , Izturis out at second . Bradley singled to center , Werth to second . Green reached on infield single to second , Werth scored , Bradley to second . Lo Duca flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Perez pitching for Dodgers . Mora lined out to left . Tejada struck out swinging . Palmeiro popped out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Riley pitching for Orioles . Beltre singled to center . Encarnacion singled to left , Beltre to second . Hernandez struck out swinging . Perez sacrificed to pitcher , Beltre to third , Encarnacion to second . Izturis reached on infield single to third , Beltre scored , Encarnacion to third . Werth homered to left , Encarnacion and Izturis scored . Bradley grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Perez pitching for Dodgers . Lopez hit ground rule double to deep left . Gibbons struck out swinging . Leon hit for Riley . Matos flied out to center . Rodriguez pitching for Orioles . Leon grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Rodriguez pitching for Orioles . Green walked . Lo Duca grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Green out at second . Beltre singled to center . Encarnacion hit by pitch , Beltre to second . Hernandez singled to center , Beltre scored , Encarnacion to second . Perez fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Perez pitching for Dodgers . Roberts singled to right . Hairston Jr singled to center , Roberts to second . Mora struck out swinging . Tejada popped out to second . Groom pitching for Orioles . Palmeiro grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Groom pitching for Orioles . Izturis grounded out to shortstop . Werth flied out to center . Bradley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Perez pitching for Dodgers . Lopez homered to left . Gibbons struck out looking . Lopez hit for Groom . Matos flied out to right . Parrish pitching for Orioles . Lopez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Parrish pitching for Orioles . Green grounded out to shortstop . Lo Duca safe at first on error by shortstop Tejada . Sanchez pitching for Dodgers . Beltre grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lo Duca out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Sanchez pitching for Dodgers . Roberts walked . Hairston Jr singled to center , Roberts to second . Mora grounded out to first , Roberts to third , Hairston Jr to second . Martin pitching for Dodgers . Tejada reached on infield single to third , Roberts scored , Hairston Jr to third . Gagne pitching for Dodgers . Palmeiro hit sacrifice fly to center , Hairston Jr scored . Gagne pitching for Dodgers . Julio pitching for Orioles . Lopez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Julio pitching for Orioles . Encarnacion flied out to right . Hernandez flied out to center . Gagne struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Surhoff hit for Matos . Gagne pitching for Dodgers . Gibbons popped out to shortstop . Bigbie hit for Julio . Surhoff singled to center . Bigbie struck out swinging . Roberts flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 3 - Dodgers 6 .	Dodgers prove Werth against Orioles