Dodgers - Top 1st . Roberts grounded out to second . Izturis grounded out to second . Lo Duca hit by pitch . Bradley grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Terrero singled to center . Finley grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Terrero out at second . Hairston struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Green singled to left . Werth struck out swinging . Ventura grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Green out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Gonzalez walked . Hillenbrand hit by pitch , Gonzalez to second . Cintron reached on bunt single to pitcher , Gonzalez to third , Hillenbrand to second . Tracy singled to left , Gonzalez scored , Hillenbrand to third , Cintron to second . Brito hit sacrifice fly double play , center to catcher to third , Hillenbrand scored , Cintron out at third . Webb grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Tracy out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Cora singled to left . Ishii struck out bunting foul . Roberts singled to center , Cora to third . Izturis grounded out to third , Cora scored , Roberts to second . Roberts stole third . Lo Duca flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Terrero flied out to center . Finley popped out to third . Hairston lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Bradley walked . Green singled to right , Bradley to third , Green to second on error by right fielder Terrero . Werth hit sacrifice fly to center , Bradley scored , Green to third . Ventura walked . Cora sacrificed to catcher , Green scored , Ventura to second . Ishii struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Gonzalez popped out to second . Hillenbrand flied out to left . Cintron tripled to deep center . Tracy flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Roberts popped out to second . Izturis grounded out to second . Lo Duca struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Brito walked . Webb struck out looking . Terrero flied out to right . Finley fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Bradley doubled to left . Green grounded out to second , Bradley to third . Werth walked . Ventura singled to right , Bradley scored , Werth to third . Cora sacrificed to pitcher , Werth scored , Ventura to second . Ishii struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Hairston popped out to second . Gonzalez popped out to shortstop . Hillenbrand flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Roberts grounded out to first . Izturis singled to center . Mota pitching for Dodgers . Lo Duca grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Izturis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Cintron flied out to right . Tracy flied out to center . Fetters pitching for Diamondbacks . Brito grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Bradley walked . Green doubled to deep center , Bradley scored . Werth struck out swinging . Ventura intentionally walked . Green to third , Ventura to second on wild pitch by Fetters . Cora grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Green out at home , Ventura to third . McCracken hit for Fetters . Mota struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . McCracken struck out swinging . Terrero singled to left . Finley grounded out to pitcher , Terrero to second . Terrero to third on wild pitch by Mota . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Hairston grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Roberts struck out swinging . Izturis struck out looking . Sanchez pitching for Dodgers . Lo Duca lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Gonzalez reached on infield single to second . Hillenbrand lined out to second . Cintron grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gonzalez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 6 - Diamondbacks 2 .	Cora 's ' small ball ' leads Dodgers past D - backs