Dodgers - Top 1st . Izturis flied out to center . Werth grounded out to shortstop . Lo Duca popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Biggio popped out to second . Everett grounded out to shortstop . Beltran grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Beltre homered to left center . Bradley doubled to deep right . Green walked . Encarnacion grounded into double play , third to second to first , Green out at second , Bradley to third . Cora intentionally walked . Alvarez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Berkman walked . Kent flied out to left . Bagwell walked , Berkman to second . Ensberg reached on bunt single to third , Berkman to third , Bagwell to second . Chavez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Berkman and Bagwell scored on throwing error by second baseman Cora , Ensberg safe at third on throwing error by second baseman Cora , Chav . Duckworth grounded out to second , Ensberg scored , Chavez to third . Biggio flied out to center . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Izturis doubled to center . Werth bunt popped out to catcher . Lo Duca grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Izturis out at third . Lo Duca to second on wild pitch by Duckworth . Beltre struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Everett grounded out to shortstop . Beltran grounded out to shortstop . Berkman flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Bradley singled to center . Bradley picked off first . Green walked . Encarnacion grounded into double play , third to second to first , Green out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Kent doubled to left . Bagwell grounded out to third . Ensberg struck out swinging . Chavez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Cora reached on infield single to second . Alvarez grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Cora out at second . Izturis singled to right . Werth walked , Izturis to second . Lo Duca flied out to right . Harville pitching for Astros . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Harville struck out swinging . Biggio walked . Everett grounded into double play , third to second to first , Biggio out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Beltre walked . Bradley safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Harville , Beltre to third . Green grounded out to first , Beltre scored , Bradley to third . Weathers pitching for Astros . Encarnacion singled to left , Bradley scored . Encarnacion stole second . Cora singled to left , Encarnacion scored on error by left fielder Biggio . Cora stole third . Alvarez struck out looking . Izturis singled to center , Cora scored . Izturis caught stealing second , catcher to second . Werth batting . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Beltran popped out to second . Berkman struck out swinging . Carrara pitching for Dodgers . Kent singled to left . Bagwell singled to center , Kent to second . Ensberg homered to left , Kent and Bagwell scored . Chavez grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Werth struck out looking . Lo Duca grounded out to second . Palmeiro hit for Weathers . Beltre struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Palmeiro flied out to center . Biggio struck out looking . Miceli pitching for Astros . Palmeiro in left field . Everett struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Bradley homered to right . Green homered to right . Encarnacion struck out swinging . Grabowski hit for Carrara . Cora struck out swinging . Mota pitching for Dodgers . Grabowski struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Beltran popped out to second . Berkman singled to left , Berkman to second on error by left fielder Werth . Kent grounded out to third . Bagwell lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 9th . Izturis struck out swinging . Werth struck out swinging . Lo Duca walked . Gagne pitching for Dodgers . Beltre popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 9th . Vizcaino hit for Chavez . Ensberg flied out to center . Vizcaino lined out to shortstop . Palmeiro grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 7 - Astros 6 .	Seventh no stretch : Dodgers hot , Astros not