Dodgers - Top 1st . Izturis flied out to center . Finley struck out swinging . Bradley flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Terrero grounded out to shortstop . Green reached on bunt single to second . Bautista flied out to right . Hillenbrand singled to left center , Green to second . Hairston walked , Green to third , Hillenbrand to second . Gil singled to right , Green and Hillenbrand scored , Hairston to third . Kroeger struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Beltre homered to right center . Green walked . Werth singled to left center , Green to third . Hernandez grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Green scored , Werth out at second . Ross grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Snyder lined out to third . Fossum struck out swinging . Terrero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Perez struck out swinging . Izturis safe at second on error by first baseman Hillenbrand . Finley grounded out to first , Izturis to third . Bradley flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Green flied out to center . Bautista popped out to first . Hillenbrand fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Beltre flied out to left . Green struck out swinging . Werth struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Hairston struck out swinging . Gil grounded out to third . Kroeger struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Hernandez homered to right . Ross struck out looking . Perez struck out swinging . Izturis grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Snyder homered to left . Fossum reached on infield single to shortstop . Terrero flied out to left . Green grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Fossum out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Finley flied out to right . Bradley doubled to deep left . Beltre grounded out to third , Bradley to third . Carrara pitching for Dodgers . Green lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Bautista grounded out to third . Hillenbrand doubled to deep left . Hairston struck out swinging . Gil grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Werth grounded out to third . Hernandez safe at first on error by shortstop Gil . Saenz hit for Carrara . Ross struck out swinging . Brazoban pitching for Dodgers . Saenz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Kroeger struck out looking . Zinter hit for Fossum . Snyder singled to left . Zinter struck out swinging . Terrero singled to center , Snyder to third . Nance pitching for Diamondbacks . Green struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Izturis walked . Finley popped out to first . Bradley doubled to deep left , Izturis scored . Beltre intentionally walked . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Tracy at third base . Green grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bradley scored on throwing error by second baseman Hairston , Beltre safe at third on throwing error by second baseman Hairston . Werth safe at first on error by shortstop Gil , Beltre scored , Green to second . Hernandez hit ground rule double to deep right , Green scored , Werth to third . Ross grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Werth out at home , Hernandez to third . Cora at second base . Brazoban struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Bautista grounded out to shortstop . Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop . Hairston homered to left . Gil struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Izturis flied out to left . Finley homered to left . Bradley grounded out to shortstop . Beltre singled to center . Green walked , Beltre to second . Stewart pitching for Dodgers . Werth grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Kroeger singled to center . Snyder struck out swinging . Gagne pitching for Dodgers . Tracy singled to right , Kroeger to second . Cintron hit for Cormier . Terrero struck out swinging . Cintron flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 8 - Diamondbacks 4 .	Dodgers pull up pants , cinch size-43 Beltre