Rockies - Top 1st. Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks. Tapia struck out swinging. Pillar doubled to deep left. Story singled to center, Pillar scored. Story picked off first. Blackmon walked. Fuentes flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Santos pitching for Rockies. Locastro singled to center. VanMeter hit by pitch, Locastro to second. Walker singled to right center, VanMeter to second, Locastro to third. Peralta singled to center, Locastro scored and VanMeter scored, Walker to second. Smith walked, Peralta to second, Walker to third. Ahmed grounded into fielder's choice to third, Walker scored, Smith out at second, Peralta to third. Vogt singled to left, Peralta scored, Ahmed to second. Mathisen walked, Vogt to second, Ahmed to third. Jay struck out swinging. Locastro singled to left, Ahmed scored and Vogt scored, Mathisen to second. Hoffman pitching for Rockies. VanMeter grounded into fielder's choice to center, Locastro safe at second on fielding error by shortstop Story, Mathisen to third. Walker lined out to center. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 2nd. Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks. McMahon doubled to deep left. Hilliard grounded out to first, McMahon to third. Hampson struck out swinging. Wolters walked. Tapia walked, Wolters to second. Pillar doubled to deep left, McMahon scored, Tapia scored and Wolters scored. Story struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Hoffman pitching for Rockies. Peralta doubled to deep right. Smith flied out to left. Ahmed fouled out to third. Peralta to third on wild pitch by Hoffman. Vogt flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon singled to center. Fuentes fouled out to third. McMahon grounded into fielder's choice to second, Blackmon out at second. Hilliard grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Hoffman pitching for Rockies. Mathisen flied out to right. Jay singled to center. Locastro hit by pitch, Jay to second. VanMeter homered to right (394 feet), Jay scored and Locastro scored. Walker struck out swinging. Peralta singled to right center. Tinoco pitching for Rockies. Smith grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks. Hampson struck out swinging. Wolters struck out swinging. Tapia doubled to deep left. Pillar flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Tinoco pitching for Rockies. Ahmed grounded out to third. Vogt struck out swinging. Mathisen walked. Jay singled to shallow right center, Mathisen to third. Locastro walked, Jay to second. Mathisen scored on Tinoco wild pitch, Locastro to second on wild pitch by Tinoco, Jay to third on wild pitch by Tinoco. VanMeter struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks. Story fouled out to first. Blackmon flied out to right. Fuentes flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Butera at first base. Fuentes at third base. McMahon at second base. Hampson at shortstop. Ramos pitching for Rockies. Walker flied out to left. Peralta lined out to left. Smith homered to right (410 feet). Ahmed walked. Vogt singled to right center, Ahmed to second. Mathisen flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Bergen pitching for Diamondbacks. McMahon homered to right (416 feet). Hilliard fouled out to catcher. Hampson walked. Wolters grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hampson out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Doyle pitching for Rockies. Jay walked. Locastro singled to right center, Jay to third. VanMeter popped out to third. Walker lined out to right. Peralta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Bergen pitching for Diamondbacks. Tapia grounded out to first. Pillar singled to center. Butera struck out swinging. Blackmon grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 5 - Diamondbacks 11.	Gallen strikes out career-high 10, D-backs beat Rockies 4-0