Rockies - Top 1st. Weaver pitching for Diamondbacks. Tapia singled to right. Pillar flied out to center. Blackmon lined out to shortstop. Story struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Varsho doubled to deep right. Marte safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Márquez. Walker grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Varsho scored on throwing error by shortstop Story, Marte safe at second on error. Calhoun grounded into fielder's choice to first, Walker out at second. Escobar struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Weaver pitching for Diamondbacks. Fuentes struck out swinging. Murphy flied out to right. Díaz hit ground rule double to deep right center. McMahon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Peralta popped out to second. Smith struck out swinging. VanMeter grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Weaver pitching for Diamondbacks. Hampson struck out looking. Tapia grounded out to shortstop. Pillar flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Jay grounded out to first. Varsho struck out swinging. Marte grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Weaver pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon flied out to left. Story flied out to left. Fuentes doubled to deep left. Murphy singled to right, Fuentes scored. Díaz homered to left center (408 feet), Murphy scored. McMahon struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Walker lined out to center. Calhoun grounded out to first. Escobar flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Weaver pitching for Diamondbacks. Hampson doubled to deep center. Tapia singled to left, Hampson scored. Tapia to second on passed ball by Varsho. Pillar flied out to center, Tapia to third. Blackmon hit sacrifice fly to left, Tapia scored. Story struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Peralta struck out swinging. Smith walked. VanMeter grounded into fielder's choice to second, Smith safe at second on throwing error by second baseman McMahon. Jay reached on infield single to first, VanMeter to third, Smith thrown out at home. VanMeter scored on Márquez wild pitch, Jay to second on wild pitch by Márquez. Varsho struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 6th. Bracho pitching for Diamondbacks. Fuentes grounded out to shortstop. Murphy lined out to shortstop. Díaz singled to right center. McMahon homered to left center (409 feet), Díaz scored. Hampson struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Marte safe at first on fielding error by first baseman Murphy. Walker grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Marte out at second. Calhoun struck out swinging. Walker to second on wild pitch by Márquez. Escobar reached on infield single to shortstop, Walker scored. Peralta popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 7th. Mella pitching for Diamondbacks. Tapia lined out to left. Pillar walked. Blackmon flied out to left. Story singled to right, Pillar to third. Story stole second. Fuentes struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Smith grounded out to shortstop. VanMeter popped out to shortstop. Jay singled to left. Varsho singled to shallow left center, Jay to second. Marte struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Widener pitching for Diamondbacks. Murphy grounded out to first. Díaz struck out swinging. McMahon safe at first on error, McMahon safe at second on fielding error by shortstop Marte. Hampson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Pillar in center field. Fuentes at first base. Hilliard in right field. McMahon at third base. Hampson at second base. Kinley pitching for Rockies. Walker struck out swinging. Calhoun struck out swinging. Escobar lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Rondón pitching for Diamondbacks. Tapia singled to shallow left, Tapia safe at second on fielding error by third baseman Escobar. Pillar lined out to third. Tapia to third on wild pitch by Rondón. Blackmon singled to right, Tapia scored. Story tripled to deep center, Blackmon scored. Fuentes grounded out to first, Story scored. Hilliard walked. Díaz struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Díaz pitching for Rockies. Peralta grounded out to second. Smith grounded out to second. VanMeter singled to right center. VanMeter to second on fielder's indifference. Jay grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 10 - Diamondbacks 3.	Rockies roll past Diamondbacks 10-3 despite four errors