Orioles - Top 1st . Johnson pitching for Yankees . Roberts flied out to right . Mora flied out to right . Tejada grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Chen pitching for Orioles . Jeter flied out to right . Rodriguez singled to left . Sheffield struck out swinging . Rodriguez caught stealing second , catcher to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Johnson pitching for Yankees . Sosa flied out to right . Lopez reached on infield single to third . Surhoff safe at first on error by first baseman Giambi , Lopez to third . Matos hit sacrifice fly to right , Lopez scored . Gomez lined out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Chen pitching for Orioles . Matsui lined out to second . Sierra struck out swinging . Posada singled to right . Giambi struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Johnson pitching for Yankees . Gil singled to right . Roberts singled to right , Gil to second . Mora sacrificed to third , Gil to third , Roberts to second . Tejada grounded out to third . Sosa grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Chen pitching for Orioles . Williams singled to center . Sanchez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Williams out at second . Jeter singled to center , Sanchez to second . Rodriguez singled to center , Sanchez scored , Jeter to second . Sheffield struck out swinging , Jeter stole third , Rodriguez stole second . Matsui lined out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Johnson pitching for Yankees . Lopez doubled to deep left center . Surhoff singled to right center , Lopez to third . Matos hit by pitch , Surhoff to second . Gomez walked , Lopez scored , Surhoff to third , Matos to second . Gil singled to left , Surhoff scored , Matos to third , Gomez to second . Roberts struck out looking . Mora struck out swinging . Tejada singled to right , Matos and Gomez scored , Gil to second . Sosa flied out to right . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Chen pitching for Orioles . Sierra popped out to second . Posada lined out to left . Giambi homered to right . Williams grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Johnson pitching for Yankees . Lopez struck out looking . Surhoff flied out to center . Matos flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Chen pitching for Orioles . Sanchez singled to center . Jeter struck out swinging . Rodriguez singled to left , Sanchez to second . Sheffield grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rodriguez out at second , Sanchez to third , Sanchez scored on error by second baseman Roberts . Matsui grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 6th . Johnson pitching for Yankees . Gomez reached on infield single to third . Gomez to third on passed ball by Posada . Gil grounded out to third . Gomez out at home on runner 's fielder 's choice . Roberts struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Chen pitching for Orioles . Sierra struck out swinging . Posada grounded out to shortstop . Sturtze pitching for Yankees . Giambi grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Sturtze pitching for Yankees . Mora struck out swinging . Tejada singled to right . Sosa singled to left , Tejada to second . Tejada to third on wild pitch by Sturtze . Lopez struck out swinging . Sosa stole second . Palmeiro at first base . Reed pitching for Orioles . Surhoff flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Womack hit for Sanchez . Reed pitching for Orioles . Williams struck out swinging . Womack walked . Jeter singled to center , Womack to second . Rodriguez flied out to center , Womack to third . Kline pitching for Orioles . Sheffield singled to left center , Womack scored , Jeter to second . Matsui hit ground rule double to left , Jeter scored , Sheffield to third . Sierra homered to left , Sheffield and Matsui scored . Posada walked . Martinez ran for Giambi . Julio pitching for Orioles . Giambi safe at second on error by first baseman Palmeiro , Posada to third . Martinez at first base . Womack at second base . Gordon pitching for Yankees . Williams popped out to second . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 8th . Gordon pitching for Yankees . Matos grounded out to first . Palmeiro grounded out to first . Gil grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Julio pitching for Orioles . Womack struck out looking . Jeter safe at first on error by shortstop Tejada . Rodriguez flied out to right . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Sheffield flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 9th . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Roberts doubled to deep right . Mora grounded out to third . Tejada lined out to right , Roberts to third . Sosa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 5 - Yankees 8 .	Yanks get Big Unit off hook