Blue Jays - Top 1st . Wang pitching for Yankees . Catalanotto grounded out to shortstop . Hudson flied out to left . Wells flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Bush pitching for Blue Jays . Jeter singled to center . Williams singled to shallow center , Jeter scored , Williams to second advancing on throw . Sheffield singled to center , Williams to third . Matsui grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Williams scored , Sheffield out at second . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Wang pitching for Yankees . Koskie grounded out to second . Hillenbrand lined out to pitcher . Hinske grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Bush pitching for Blue Jays . Giambi struck out looking . Martinez singled to right . Martinez to second on wild pitch by Bush . Flaherty flied out to center . Womack reached on infield single to first , Martinez to third . Jeter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Wang pitching for Yankees . Rios grounded out to third . Zaun grounded out to shortstop . Adams flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Bush pitching for Blue Jays . Williams popped out to shortstop . Sheffield grounded out to third . Matsui grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Wang pitching for Yankees . Catalanotto grounded out to second . Hudson reached on infield single to second . Wells grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hudson out at second . Koskie singled to right , Wells to second . Hillenbrand popped out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Bush pitching for Blue Jays . Rodriguez homered to right . Giambi struck out looking . Martinez grounded out to first . Flaherty grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Wang pitching for Yankees . Hinske singled to right . Rios walked , Hinske to second . Zaun grounded out to first , Hinske to third , Rios to second . Adams grounded out to first , Hinske scored , Rios to third . Catalanotto reached on infield single to shortstop , Rios scored . Hudson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Catalanotto out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Bush pitching for Blue Jays . Womack grounded out to first . Jeter singled to right . Williams grounded out to pitcher , Jeter to second . Sheffield grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Wang pitching for Yankees . Wells walked . Koskie singled to center , Wells to second . Hillenbrand grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Wells out at third , Koskie to second . Hinske flied out to center . Rios grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Hillenbrand out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Bush pitching for Blue Jays . Matsui grounded out to first . Phillips hit for Giambi . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Phillips doubled to deep right . Martinez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Wang pitching for Yankees . Zaun grounded out to second . Adams reached on bunt single to pitcher . Catalanotto grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Adams out at second . Hudson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Catalanotto out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Bush pitching for Blue Jays . Flaherty fouled out to first . Womack flied out to right . Gordon pitching for Yankees . Jeter grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Gordon pitching for Yankees . Wells grounded out to shortstop . Koskie homered to right . Hillenbrand doubled to center . Hinske intentionally walked . Rios grounded out to shortstop , Hillenbrand to third , Hinske to second . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Zaun struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Williams flied out to left . Sheffield grounded out to pitcher . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Matsui popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Adams fouled out to third . Catalanotto struck out looking . Johnson in left field . Chulk pitching for Blue Jays . Hudson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 9th . Chulk pitching for Blue Jays . Rodriguez walked . Phillips bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Rodriguez out at second . Posada hit for Flaherty . Martinez singled to right , Phillips to third . Crosby ran for Phillips . Posada intentionally walked , Martinez to second . Womack singled to right , Crosby scored , Martinez to third , Posada to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 3 - Yankees 4 .	No - decision for Wang , but Yanks win in 9th