Blue Jays - Top 1st . Pavano pitching for Yankees . Catalanotto flied out to right . Hudson grounded out to second . Wells lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . Williams popped out to third . Sheffield struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Pavano pitching for Yankees . Koskie singled to right . Koskie stole second . Hillenbrand popped out to third . Koskie to third on passed ball by Posada . Hinske hit by pitch . Zaun grounded into double play , second to first , Hinske out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Rodriguez doubled to deep left . Posada flied out to left , Rodriguez to third . Matsui hit sacrifice fly to left , Rodriguez scored . Phillips flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Pavano pitching for Yankees . Rios doubled to deep right . Adams grounded out to first , Rios to third . Catalanotto hit by pitch . Hudson grounded out to second , Rios scored , Catalanotto to second . Wells struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Martinez singled to center . Womack sacrificed to third , Martinez to second . Jeter flied out to center , Martinez to third . Williams struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Pavano pitching for Yankees . Koskie homered to right center . Hillenbrand singled to shallow left . Hinske flied out to center , Hillenbrand to second . Zaun flied out to right , Hillenbrand to third . Menechino at second base . Rios struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Sheffield homered to left . Rodriguez walked . Posada grounded out to third , Rodriguez to second . Matsui grounded out to third . Phillips struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Pavano pitching for Yankees . Adams singled to right . Catalanotto doubled to deep right , Adams to third . Menechino grounded out to shortstop , Adams scored . Wells singled to left , Catalanotto to third . Catalanotto caught stealing home , catcher to shortstop to catcher , Wells to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Koskie flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Martinez struck out swinging . Womack singled to center . Jeter singled to right center , Womack to second . Williams reached on infield single to third , Womack to third , Jeter to second . Sheffield doubled to left center , Womack and Jeter scored , Williams to third . Rodriguez intentionally walked . Posada hit sacrifice fly to right , Williams scored . Matsui doubled to left , Sheffield scored , Rodriguez thrown out at home . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Pavano pitching for Yankees . Hillenbrand singled to shallow left . Hinske singled to right , Hillenbrand to second . Zaun walked , Hillenbrand to third , Hinske to second . Quantrill pitching for Yankees . Rios hit sacrifice fly to right , Hillenbrand scored . Adams flied out to left . Catalanotto walked , Hinske to third , Zaun to second . Menechino singled to right , Hinske and Zaun scored , Catalanotto to third . Walker pitching for Blue Jays . Wells flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Walker pitching for Blue Jays . Phillips grounded out to first . Martinez grounded out to second . Stanton pitching for Yankees . Womack grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Stanton pitching for Yankees . Koskie struck out looking . Hillenbrand doubled to deep left . Hinske doubled to deep right , Hillenbrand scored . Hinske stole third . Zaun hit sacrifice fly to center , Hinske scored . Karsay pitching for Yankees . Rios singled to right . Rios stole second . Adams grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Walker pitching for Blue Jays . Jeter walked . Williams struck out looking . Sheffield grounded out to shortstop , Jeter to second . Rodriguez walked . Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays . Gordon pitching for Yankees . Posada grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Johnson ran for Catalanotto . Gordon pitching for Yankees . Catalanotto singled to right . Menechino grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Johnson out at second . Groom pitching for Yankees . Wells singled to left center , Menechino to second . Johnson in left field . Koskie grounded into double play , third to second to first , Wells out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays . Matsui grounded out to second . Phillips flied out to right . Martinez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Groom pitching for Yankees . Hillenbrand singled to left . Hinske flied out to center . Zaun struck out swinging . Batista pitching for Blue Jays . Rios struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 9th . Batista pitching for Blue Jays . Womack grounded out to second . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . Williams flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 8 - Yankees 6 .	Yankees blow lead , lose third consecutive series