Yankees - Top 1st . Nomo pitching for Devil Rays . Jeter flied out to left . Womack grounded out to second . Sheffield flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 1st . Henn pitching for Yankees . Crawford singled to left . Lugo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Crawford out at second . Huff singled to left center , Lugo to third . Perez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Huff out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Nomo pitching for Devil Rays . Matsui popped out to third . Rodriguez homered to left . Giambi struck out swinging . Posada flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd . Henn pitching for Yankees . Phelps flied out to left . Gonzalez walked . Green singled to left , Gonzalez to second . Hall grounded out to second , Gonzalez to third , Green to second . Hollins singled to left , Gonzalez and Green scored , Hollins out stretching at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Nomo pitching for Devil Rays . Martinez walked . Cano singled to right , Martinez to second . Jeter grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cano out at second , Martinez to third . Womack singled to left , Martinez scored , Jeter to second . Sheffield popped out to second . Matsui grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd . Henn pitching for Yankees . Crawford singled to center . Crawford stole second . Lugo walked . Huff grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Crawford and Lugo scored , Huff safe at second on error by second baseman Cano . Perez flied out to center , Huff to third . Phelps doubled to deep left center , Huff scored . Quantrill pitching for Yankees . Gonzalez doubled to deep left , Phelps scored . Green grounded out to first , Gonzalez to third . Hall flied out to center . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 4th . Nomo pitching for Devil Rays . Rodriguez flied out to center . Giambi lined out to second . Posada grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 4th . Quantrill pitching for Yankees . Hollins singled to right . Crawford doubled to right , Hollins to third . Lugo hit sacrifice fly to right , Hollins scored , Crawford to third . Huff intentionally walked . Perez grounded out to second , Crawford scored , Huff to second . Phelps struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Nomo pitching for Devil Rays . Martinez flied out to center . Cano singled to right . Jeter walked , Cano to second . Womack struck out looking . Sheffield doubled to deep left , Cano scored , Jeter to third . Matsui singled to center , Jeter and Sheffield scored . Fossum pitching for Devil Rays . Rodriguez singled to right center , Matsui to third . Giambi flied out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 5th . Quantrill pitching for Yankees . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Green singled to center . Hall doubled to left , Green to third . Groom pitching for Yankees . Hollins hit sacrifice fly to left , Green scored , Hall to third . Crawford grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Fossum pitching for Devil Rays . Posada struck out swinging . Martinez homered to right . Cano flied out to center . Jeter struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 6th . Groom pitching for Yankees . Lugo singled to center . Rodriguez pitching for Yankees . Huff grounded out to first , Lugo to second . Lugo stole third , Lugo scored on throwing error by catcher Posada . Perez flied out to left . Phelps flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 7th . Harper pitching for Devil Rays . Womack reached on infield single to second . Sheffield flied out to right . Matsui popped out to second . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Womack out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 7th . Rodriguez pitching for Yankees . Gonzalez flied out to right . Green hit by pitch . Green caught stealing second , catcher to second . Miller pitching for Devil Rays . Hall singled to deep right , Hall out stretching at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Phillips ran for Giambi . Miller pitching for Devil Rays . Giambi hit by pitch . Posada singled to center , Phillips to third , Posada to second on error by center fielder Hollins . Martinez hit sacrifice fly to center , Phillips scored , Posada to third . Baez pitching for Devil Rays . Cano grounded out to second , Posada scored . Jeter grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Bottom 8th . Gordon pitching for Yankees . Hollins homered to left . Crawford singled to center . Lugo grounded out to pitcher , Crawford to second . Singleton hit for Perez . Huff intentionally walked . Singleton walked , Crawford to third , Huff to second . Huff at first base . Singleton in right field . Phelps lined into double play , second to shortstop , Huff doubled off second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Baez pitching for Devil Rays . Womack grounded out to second . Sheffield struck out swinging . Matsui grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 8 - Devil Rays 11 .	Yankees sink even lower with loss