Yankees - Top 1st . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Jeter struck out looking . Womack flied out to left . Sheffield lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 1st . Wang pitching for Yankees . Sanchez walked . Sanchez stole second . Lugo grounded out to second , Sanchez to third . Crawford doubled to deep left , Sanchez scored . Huff flied out to left , Crawford to third . Phelps grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Rodriguez singled to right . Posada grounded into double play , third to second to first , Rodriguez out at second . Matsui grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd . Wang pitching for Yankees . Hollins grounded out to shortstop . Green grounded out to shortstop . Hall singled to left . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hall out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Williams singled to right . Martinez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Williams out at second . Cano grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Martinez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd . Wang pitching for Yankees . Sanchez reached on bunt single to third . Lugo singled to right , Sanchez to second . Crawford grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Lugo out at second , Sanchez to third . Huff singled to right , Sanchez scored , Crawford to third . Phelps hit sacrifice fly to right , Crawford scored . Hollins popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Jeter flied out to right . Womack reached on bunt single to second . Sheffield homered to left , Womack scored . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Posada doubled to left center . Matsui walked . Williams grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Matsui out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 4th . Wang pitching for Yankees . Green grounded out to pitcher . Hall struck out swinging . Gonzalez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Martinez walked . Cano grounded out to shortstop , Martinez to second . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . Womack reached on infield single to third , Martinez to third . Sheffield grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 5th . Wang pitching for Yankees . Sanchez reached on bunt single to first . Sanchez stole second . Lugo walked . Crawford grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Lugo out at second , Sanchez to third . Huff singled to right , Sanchez scored , Crawford to third . Phelps hit sacrifice fly to right , Crawford scored . Huff caught stealing second , catcher to second . Hollins batting . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Posada doubled to right . Matsui grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Posada out at second . Williams grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Matsui out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 6th . Wang pitching for Yankees . Hollins flied out to center . Green singled to left . Hall lined out to second . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Martinez grounded out to first . Cano lined out to first . Groom pitching for Yankees . Jeter grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 7th . Groom pitching for Yankees . Sanchez homered to right . Lugo grounded out to shortstop . Crawford flied out to center . Sturtze pitching for Yankees . Huff walked . Huff stole second . Phelps struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Carter pitching for Devil Rays . Womack grounded out to third . Sheffield grounded out to shortstop . Rodriguez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 8th . Sturtze pitching for Yankees . Hollins flied out to center . Green grounded out to shortstop . Hall grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Carter pitching for Devil Rays . Posada flied out to left . Matsui grounded out to second . Williams flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 2 - Devil Rays 6 .	Rays drop Yanks into tie for last in AL East