Yankees - Top 1st . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Jeter singled to left . Womack singled to right , Jeter to second . Sheffield flied out to left . Matsui singled to left , Jeter scored , Womack to second . Rodriguez homered to right , Womack and Matsui scored . Posada grounded out to third . Giambi grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Suzuki flied out to center . Winn singled to right . Ibanez doubled to deep center , Winn scored . Sexson struck out swinging . Boone singled to center , Ibanez scored . Reed flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Williams popped out to shortstop . Cano singled to right . Jeter lined out to third . Womack struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Dobbs struck out swinging . Olivo popped out to second . Valdez doubled to deep right . Suzuki flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Sheffield struck out swinging . Matsui doubled to left . Rodriguez intentionally walked . Matsui to third , Rodriguez to second on passed ball by Olivo . Posada grounded out to third . Giambi singled to right , Matsui and Rodriguez scored . Williams flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Winn struck out swinging . Ibanez fouled out to third . Sexson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Cano popped out to third . Jeter singled to center . Womack walked . Sheffield grounded into double play , third to second to first , Womack out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Boone struck out looking . Reed grounded out to catcher . Dobbs struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Matsui grounded out to second . Rodriguez grounded out to second . Posada walked . Giambi fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Olivo grounded out to shortstop . Valdez grounded out to second . Suzuki singled to left . Winn singled to left , Suzuki to third . Ibanez doubled to deep left center , Suzuki and Winn scored . Hasegawa pitching for Mariners . Sexson flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Hasegawa pitching for Mariners . Williams grounded out to first . Cano walked . Jeter grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Cano out at second . Womack singled to left , Jeter to second . Sheffield safe at first on error by shortstop Valdez , Jeter to third , Womack to second . Sturtze pitching for Yankees . Matsui struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Sturtze pitching for Yankees . Boone flied out to right . Reed walked . Dobbs popped out to shortstop . Olivo struck out swinging , Olivo safe at on error by player player , Reed to second , Olivo to first on error by catcher Posada . Valdez singled to right , Reed scored , Olivo to third , Olivo scored , Valdez to third on throwing error by right fielder Sheffield . Suzuki flied out to left . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Hasegawa pitching for Mariners . Rodriguez struck out looking . Posada flied out to right . Giambi grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Sturtze pitching for Yankees . Winn flied out to left . Ibanez struck out looking . Nelson pitching for Mariners . Sexson lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Nelson pitching for Mariners . Williams walked . Cano grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Williams out at second . Gordon pitching for Yankees . Jeter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Gordon pitching for Yankees . Boone grounded out to pitcher . Reed doubled to deep left , Reed to third on error by left fielder Womack . Dobbs popped out to third . Olivo singled to center , Reed scored . Olivo caught stealing second , catcher to second . Valdez batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 9th . Nelson pitching for Mariners . Womack grounded out to second . Villone pitching for Mariners . Sheffield walked . Matsui singled to center , Sheffield to second . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sheffield out at third , Matsui to second . Posada reached on infield single to third , Matsui to third , Rodriguez to second . Giambi struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 6 - Mariners 7 .	Oh , snap : Mariners end Yankees 10 - game winning streak