Tigers - Top 1st . Brown pitching for Yankees . Inge singled to left . Martinez sacrificed to catcher , Inge to second . Young grounded out to first , Inge to third . White popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Jeter grounded out to second . Womack flied out to left . Sheffield flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Brown pitching for Yankees . Rodriguez singled to center . Monroe flied out to right . Pena struck out swinging . Smith lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Matsui grounded out to first . Rodriguez walked . Martinez doubled to right , Rodriguez to third . Posada safe at first on error by first baseman Pena , Rodriguez scored , Martinez to third . Giambi hit by pitch , Posada to second . Cano grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Giambi out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 3rd . Brown pitching for Yankees . Logan popped out to second . Inge doubled to right center . Martinez singled to center , Inge scored . Young doubled to deep left , Martinez scored , Young to third on throwing error by shortstop Jeter . White reached on infield single to third . Rodriguez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , White out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Jeter struck out looking . Womack singled to center . Womack caught stealing second , catcher to second . Sheffield singled to left . Matsui singled to right , Sheffield to third . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Brown pitching for Yankees . Monroe singled to right . Pena struck out swinging . Monroe caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Smith tripled to deep center . Logan singled to center , Smith scored . Logan stole second . Inge struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Martinez singled to right . Posada singled to right , Martinez to second . Giambi struck out swinging . Cano grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Martinez to third , Posada safe at second on error by second baseman Martinez . Jeter grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Martinez scored , Cano out at second , Posada to third . Womack grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jeter out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 5th . Brown pitching for Yankees . Martinez grounded out to pitcher . Young grounded out to pitcher . White singled to right center , White to second on error by right fielder Sheffield . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Sheffield grounded out to second . Matsui singled to right . Rodriguez homered to center , Matsui scored . Martinez struck out looking . Posada flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Brown pitching for Yankees . Monroe lined out to left . Pena grounded out to second . Smith lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Giambi singled to center . Cano flied out to left . Williams ran for Giambi . Jeter walked , Giambi to second . Womack flied out to left . Sheffield grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jeter out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Brown pitching for Yankees . Logan struck out swinging . Inge grounded out to shortstop . Walker pitching for Tigers . Martinez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Walker pitching for Tigers . Matsui struck out swinging . Rodriguez singled to left . Farnsworth pitching for Tigers . Martinez popped out to shortstop . Gordon pitching for Yankees . Posada flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Gordon pitching for Yankees . Young struck out swinging . White struck out swinging . Rodriguez doubled to deep center . Monroe grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Farnsworth pitching for Tigers . Williams grounded out to third . Cano struck out swinging . Jeter singled to right . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Womack grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Pena struck out looking . Thames hit for Logan . Smith singled to center . Thames struck out swinging , Smith stole second . Inge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 3 - Yankees 4 .	A - Rod blasts 17th HR as Yanks keep rolling