Cubs - Top 1st . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Perez lined out to first . Hollandsworth struck out swinging . Lee struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Mitre pitching for Cubs . Jeter grounded out to second . Womack grounded out to second . Sheffield grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 2nd . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Burnitz homered to left . Ramirez struck out swinging . Walker flied out to right . Barrett popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Mitre pitching for Cubs . Rodriguez walked . Matsui grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Rodriguez out at second . Posada walked . Giambi singled to right , Posada to second . Williams grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 3rd . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Patterson fouled out to first . Dubois flied out to right . Perez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Mitre pitching for Cubs . Cano singled to right center . Jeter grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cano out at second . Womack singled to center , Jeter to third . Sheffield singled to left , Jeter scored , Womack to second . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Matsui grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 4th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Hollandsworth grounded out to first . Lee reached on infield single to pitcher . Lee stole second . Burnitz flied out to center . Ramirez walked . Walker singled to right center , Lee scored , Ramirez to third . Barrett lined out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Mitre pitching for Cubs . Posada grounded out to shortstop . Giambi walked . Williams singled to center , Giambi to third . Cano singled to right , Giambi scored , Williams to second . Jeter hit by pitch , Williams to third , Cano to second . Womack hit sacrifice fly to center , Williams scored . Sheffield walked , Cano to third , Jeter to second . Rodriguez singled to left center , Cano and Jeter scored , Sheffield to third . Matsui flied out to left . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 5th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Patterson struck out swinging . Dubois struck out swinging . Perez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Mitre pitching for Cubs . Posada grounded out to second . Giambi struck out swinging , Giambi safe at first on wild pitch by Mitre . Williams safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Lee , Giambi to second . Cano flied out to center . Jeter grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Williams out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 6th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Hollandsworth grounded out to first . Lee flied out to center . Burnitz reached on infield single to first . Ramirez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Mitre pitching for Cubs . Womack grounded out to second . Sheffield flied out to left . Rodriguez safe at first on error by shortstop Perez . Ohman pitching for Cubs . Matsui singled to right center , Rodriguez scored . Posada struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 7th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Walker popped out to shortstop . Barrett singled to left . Sturtze pitching for Yankees . Patterson walked , Barrett to second . Dubois hit by pitch , Barrett to third , Patterson to second . Perez grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Barrett out at home . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Ohman pitching for Cubs . Giambi struck out swinging . Williams grounded out to third . Martinez at first base . Cano grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . Sturtze pitching for Yankees . Hollandsworth flied out to left . Lee singled to left . Gordon pitching for Yankees . Burnitz singled to right , Lee to second . Ramirez reached on infield single to shortstop , Lee to third , Burnitz to second . Walker grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Lee scored , Ramirez out at second , Burnitz to third . Wuertz pitching for Cubs . Barrett struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Wuertz pitching for Cubs . Jeter walked . Womack reached on bunt single to third , Jeter to second . Sheffield struck out swinging . Jeter stole third , Womack stole second . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Matsui intentionally walked . Johnson ran for Matsui . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Posada struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 9th . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Patterson grounded out to second . Dubois struck out swinging . Perez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 3 - Yankees 6 .	Yankees notch sixth straight win , sweep Cubs in process