Yankees - Top 1st . Chacin pitching for Blue Jays . Jeter tripled to deep right . Cano struck out swinging . Sheffield homered to left , Jeter scored . Rodriguez walked . Matsui singled to deep right , Rodriguez to second . Giambi walked , Rodriguez to third , Matsui to second . Posada grounded into double play , third to first , Matsui out at third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Small pitching for Yankees . Adams hit by pitch . Catalanotto struck out swinging . Wells walked , Adams to second . Hillenbrand flied out to left . Koskie grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Chacin pitching for Blue Jays . Williams struck out swinging . Phillips singled to center . Jeter flied out to center . Cano lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Small pitching for Yankees . Zaun grounded out to second . Hinske struck out swinging . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Chacin pitching for Blue Jays . Sheffield singled to left . Rodriguez walked , Sheffield to second . Matsui grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rodriguez out at second , Sheffield to third . Giambi flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Small pitching for Yankees . Hudson flied out to left . Adams grounded out to second . Catalanotto fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Chacin pitching for Blue Jays . Posada struck out swinging . Williams singled to center . Phillips walked , Williams to second . Jeter walked , Williams to third , Phillips to second . Cano hit sacrifice fly to right , Williams scored , Phillips to third . Sheffield flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Small pitching for Yankees . Wells grounded out to third . Hillenbrand grounded out to third . Koskie singled to center . Zaun flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Chacin pitching for Blue Jays . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Matsui lined out to right . Giambi walked . Posada struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Small pitching for Yankees . Hinske singled to right . Johnson singled to right , Hinske to second . Hudson grounded out to first , Hinske to third , Johnson to second . Adams walked . League pitching for Blue Jays . Catalanotto grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Adams out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . League pitching for Blue Jays . Williams struck out swinging . Phillips grounded out to shortstop . Jeter grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Small pitching for Yankees . Wells doubled to left . Hillenbrand singled to left , Wells to third . Koskie fouled out to third . Zaun grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hillenbrand out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . League pitching for Blue Jays . Cano lined out to second . Sheffield struck out swinging . Martinez at first base . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Small pitching for Yankees . Hinske doubled to right . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . Hudson grounded out to second , Hinske to third . Embree pitching for Yankees . Rios hit for Catalanotto . Adams singled to left , Hinske scored . Rios in right field . Johnson in left field . Rios grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Adams out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . League pitching for Blue Jays . Matsui singled to center . Womack ran for Giambi . Giambi singled to right , Matsui to third , Giambi to second on throwing error by right fielder Rios . Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays . Posada singled to left , Matsui scored , Womack to third . Williams struck out swinging . Martinez walked , Posada to second . Jeter singled to left , Womack scored , Posada to third , Martinez to second . Chulk pitching for Blue Jays . Cano struck out swinging . Sheffield grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Embree pitching for Yankees . Wells fouled out to first . Hillenbrand fouled out to first . Koskie fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Chulk pitching for Blue Jays . Rodriguez walked . Matsui grounded out to second , Rodriguez to third . Womack hit sacrifice fly to right , Rodriguez scored . Posada reached on infield single to shortstop . Crosby in right field . Sturtze pitching for Yankees . Williams struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Sturtze pitching for Yankees . Zaun lined out to left . Hinske walked . Johnson singled to center , Hinske to second . Hudson struck out swinging . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Adams singled to center , Hinske scored , Johnson to second . Rios flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 6 - Blue Jays 2 .	No Small feat : Sheffield 's homer helps pitcher to 3 - 0 start