Rays - Top 1st. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Bartlett struck out looking. Crawford grounded out to first. Longoria doubled to left. Pena struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Kazmir pitching for Rays. Ellsbury lined out to first. Pedroia walked. Ortiz walked, Pedroia to second. Youkilis struck out swinging. Baldelli struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 2nd. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Burrell walked. Navarro struck out looking. Zobrist struck out swinging. Kapler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Kazmir pitching for Rays. Bay fouled out to first. Lowell popped out to first. Lowrie walked. Varitek popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 3rd. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Iwamura doubled to deep left. Bartlett reached on infield single to shortstop. Crawford reached on infield single to first, Iwamura to third, Bartlett to second, Iwamura scored on throwing error by first baseman Youkilis. Longoria grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Crawford out at second, Bartlett to third. Pena grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Kazmir pitching for Rays. Ellsbury popped out to second. Pedroia doubled to deep center. Ortiz struck out looking. Youkilis singled to center, Pedroia scored, Youkilis out at first trying to return to base. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 4th. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Burrell grounded out to shortstop. Navarro flied out to right. Zobrist flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Kazmir pitching for Rays. Baldelli flied out to right. Bay flied out to right. Lowell flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 5th. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Kapler walked. Iwamura singled to center, Kapler to third. Bartlett reached on bunt single to catcher, Kapler scored, Iwamura to second. Crawford singled to shallow left, Iwamura to third, Bartlett to second. Longoria grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Iwamura scored, Crawford out at second, Bartlett to third. Pena homered to center, Bartlett scored. Burrell grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Kazmir pitching for Rays. Lowrie flied out to left. Varitek lined out to center. Ellsbury reached on infield single to shortstop. Pedroia grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 6th. Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox. Navarro grounded out to first. Zobrist grounded out to second. Kapler grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Kazmir pitching for Rays. Ortiz flied out to right. Youkilis singled to right center. Baldelli singled to right center, Youkilis to second. Bay struck out looking. Lowell grounded into fielder's choice to third, Baldelli out at second, Youkilis to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 7th. Ramirez pitching for Red Sox. Iwamura flied out to center. Bartlett struck out swinging. Crawford flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Wheeler pitching for Rays. Lowrie struck out looking. Varitek flied out to center. Ellsbury flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 8th. Saito pitching for Red Sox. Longoria homered to left center. Pena fouled out to catcher. Burrell popped out to first. Navarro popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Howell pitching for Rays. Pedroia struck out swinging. Ortiz singled to deep left. Youkilis reached on infield single to third, Ortiz to second. Baldelli struck out swinging. Bay doubled to left, Ortiz scored, Youkilis to third. Lowell hit by pitch. Balfour pitching for Rays. Lowrie struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 9th. Lopez pitching for Red Sox. Zobrist flied out to left. Kapler doubled to deep left. Iwamura singled to center, Kapler tagged out at third, Iwamura to second advancing on throw. Bartlett singled to left, Iwamura to third. Crawford reached on infield single to pitcher, Iwamura scored, Bartlett to second. Longoria grounded into fielder's choice to third, Crawford out at second, Bartlett to third. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Balfour pitching for Rays. Varitek grounded out to second. Ellsbury flied out to left. Pedroia flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rays 7 - Red Sox 2.	Kazmir outduels Lester as Rays top Red Sox