Rays - Top 1st. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Upton flied out to right. Crawford walked. Longoria homered to center, Crawford scored. Pena flied out to center. Burrell flied out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Kazmir pitching for Rays. Ellsbury flied out to left. Pedroia walked. Ortiz singled to shallow left, Pedroia to second, Pedroia to third, Ortiz to second on throwing error by left fielder Crawford. Bay struck out swinging. Lowell grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rays - Top 2nd. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Bartlett flied out to left. Kapler grounded out to third. Iwamura doubled to deep right center. Iwamura stole third. Navarro lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Kazmir pitching for Rays. Baldelli homered to left. Bailey singled to center. Varitek struck out swinging. Lugo reached on bunt single to third, Bailey to second. Ellsbury flied out to right. Pedroia flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 3rd. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Upton grounded out to shortstop. Crawford struck out swinging. Longoria struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Kazmir pitching for Rays. Ortiz flied out to right. Bay grounded out to third. Lowell flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 4th. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Pena struck out swinging. Burrell singled to left. Bartlett struck out swinging. Burrell stole second, Burrell safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Bailey. Kapler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Kazmir pitching for Rays. Baldelli singled to left. Bailey grounded into double play, third to second to first, Baldelli out at second. Varitek walked. Lugo grounded into fielder's choice to second, Varitek out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 5th. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Iwamura singled to center. Navarro singled to left, Iwamura to second. Upton reached on bunt single to pitcher, Iwamura to third, Navarro to second. Crawford singled to left, Iwamura scored, Navarro to third, Upton to second. Longoria doubled to deep left, Navarro and Upton scored, Crawford to third. Pena struck out swinging. Burrell singled to left, Crawford and Longoria scored. Bartlett singled to left, Burrell to second. Jones pitching for Red Sox. Kapler singled to left, Burrell to third, Bartlett to second. Iwamura grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Burrell scored, Kapler out at second, Bartlett to third. Navarro popped out to shortstop. 6 Runs, 8 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Kazmir pitching for Rays. Ellsbury singled to center. Ellsbury to second on wild pitch by Kazmir. Pedroia lined out to right. Ortiz grounded out to shortstop, Ellsbury to third. Bay singled to left center, Ellsbury scored. Lowell doubled to left, Bay scored. Baldelli safe at first on error by third baseman Longoria, Lowell to third. Bailey walked, Baldelli to second. Varitek grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bailey out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rays - Top 6th. Jones pitching for Red Sox. Upton singled to left. Crawford doubled to center, Upton to third. Longoria intentionally walked. Pena doubled to deep right, Upton and Crawford scored, Longoria to third. Saito pitching for Red Sox. Burrell grounded out to third. Bartlett intentionally walked. Zobrist hit for Kapler. Zobrist singled to right center, Longoria and Pena scored, Bartlett to third. Iwamura hit sacrifice fly to center, Bartlett scored. Navarro flied out to left. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Zobrist in right field. Nelson pitching for Rays. Lugo homered to left. Ellsbury walked. Pedroia grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ellsbury out at second. Ortiz walked, Pedroia to second. Cormier pitching for Rays. Bay flied out to right, Pedroia to third. Lowell singled to right, Pedroia scored, Ortiz to second. Baldelli grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lowell out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 7th. Green at third base. Kottaras catching. Lopez pitching for Red Sox. Upton walked. Crawford doubled to deep left, Upton to third. Longoria hit sacrifice fly to center, Upton scored, Crawford to third. Pena struck out swinging. Burrell flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Cormier pitching for Rays. Bailey grounded out to shortstop. Kottaras flied out to right. Lugo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 8th. Lopez pitching for Red Sox. Bartlett fouled out to third. Zobrist grounded out to shortstop. Iwamura struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Gross in right field. Aybar at first base. Zobrist in left field. Cormier pitching for Rays. Ellsbury grounded out to shortstop. Pedroia grounded out to third. Ortiz flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 9th. Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox. Navarro flied out to right. Upton struck out swinging. Aybar flied out to left. Longoria flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Cormier pitching for Rays. Bay flied out to right. Green grounded out to first. Baldelli flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rays 14 - Red Sox 5.	Longoria, Rays extend dominance vs. BoSox