Red Sox - Top 1st. Bastardo pitching for Phillies. Pedroia fouled out to first. Ellsbury walked. Ellsbury stole second, Ellsbury safe at third on throwing error by catcher Ruiz. Youkilis walked. Bay homered to center, Youkilis scored. Lowell doubled to deep left center. Baldelli walked. Varitek struck out swinging. Lugo singled to center, Lowell scored, Baldelli to second, Baldelli scored, Lugo to third on error by center fielder Victorino. Matsuzaka popped out to third. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 3 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox. Rollins lined out to shortstop. Victorino fouled out to catcher. Utley flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Durbin pitching for Phillies. Pedroia grounded out to shortstop. Ellsbury flied out to right. Youkilis struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox. Howard singled to right center. Ibanez struck out swinging. Werth grounded into fielder's choice to second, Howard out at second. Feliz singled to shallow center, Werth to third. Ruiz popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Durbin pitching for Phillies. Bay popped out to first. Lowell popped out to pitcher. Baldelli walked. Varitek struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox. Durbin struck out swinging. Rollins flied out to center. Victorino doubled to right. Utley doubled to right, Victorino scored. Howard lined out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Durbin pitching for Phillies. Lugo doubled to left. Matsuzaka grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lugo out at third. Pedroia flied out to center. Ellsbury walked, Matsuzaka to second. Youkilis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox. Ibanez homered to right. Werth singled to left. Feliz homered to left, Werth scored. Ruiz walked. Coste hit for Durbin. Coste struck out swinging. Rollins flied out to left. Victorino grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Taschner pitching for Phillies. Bay singled to center. Lowell singled to right center, Bay to second. Baldelli grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lowell out at second, Bay to third. Varitek doubled to left, Bay scored, Baldelli to third. Lugo singled to center, Baldelli scored, Varitek to third. Ortiz hit for Matsuzaka. Ortiz struck out swinging. Pedroia singled to center, Varitek scored, Lugo to second. Ellsbury walked, Lugo to third, Pedroia to second. Youkilis flied out to center. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox. Utley singled to right. Howard singled to center, Utley to third. Ibanez popped out to second. Werth singled to left, Utley scored, Howard to second. Feliz struck out swinging. Ruiz singled to right, Howard to third, Werth to second. Dobbs hit for Taschner. Dobbs struck out swinging. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Escalona pitching for Phillies. Bay grounded out to third. Lowell singled to center. Baldelli flied out to left. Varitek struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Okajima pitching for Red Sox. Drew in right field. Rollins grounded out to third. Victorino grounded out to first. Utley flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Escalona pitching for Phillies. Lugo doubled to deep left. Drew hit by pitch. Pedroia grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Drew out at second, Lugo to third. Ellsbury reached on infield single to shortstop, Lugo scored, Pedroia to second. Youkilis walked, Pedroia to third, Ellsbury to second. Bay hit sacrifice fly to left, Pedroia scored, Ellsbury to third, Youkilis to second. Lowell intentionally walked. Okajima grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Okajima pitching for Red Sox. Howard struck out swinging. Ibanez flied out to center. Werth homered to left. Feliz grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Condrey pitching for Phillies. Varitek grounded out to first. Lugo struck out swinging. Drew walked. Pedroia grounded into fielder's choice to third, Drew out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Ramirez pitching for Red Sox. Ruiz fouled out to catcher. Stairs hit for Condrey. Stairs struck out swinging. Rollins flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Romero pitching for Phillies. Ellsbury homered to right. Youkilis walked. Bay grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Youkilis out at second. Lowell walked, Bay to second. Green hit for Ramirez. Green grounded into double play, third to second to first, Lowell out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 9th. Papelbon pitching for Red Sox. Victorino fouled out to third. Utley singled to right center. Howard flied out to left. Utley to second on fielder's indifference. Ibanez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 11 - Phillies 6.	BoSox stop Phils