Red Sox - Top 1st. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Pedroia struck out swinging. Drew flied out to center. Bay grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Smoltz pitching for Red Sox. Guzman grounded out to first. Johnson hit by pitch. Zimmerman doubled to left, Johnson to third. Dunn walked. Willingham singled to left, Johnson scored, Zimmerman to third, Dunn to second. Bard singled to right, Zimmerman scored, Dunn to third, Willingham to second. Harris lined out to right. Hernandez singled to left center, Dunn and Willingham scored, Bard to second. Zimmermann struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Dukes in right field. Dunn at first base. Willingham in left field. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Ortiz grounded out to second. Lowell grounded out to third. Varitek singled to shallow right center. Ellsbury reached on infield single to second, Varitek to second. Green grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ellsbury out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Smoltz pitching for Red Sox. Guzman lined out to left. Dukes grounded out to shortstop. Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Smoltz struck out swinging. Pedroia struck out swinging. Drew reached on infield single to shortstop. Bay grounded into fielder's choice to third, Drew out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Smoltz pitching for Red Sox. Dunn struck out swinging. Willingham doubled to deep center. Bard singled to right, Willingham scored. Harris singled to right, Bard to third. Hernandez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bard out at home, Harris to second. Zimmermann flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 4th. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Ortiz struck out swinging. Lowell grounded out to third. Varitek fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Smoltz pitching for Red Sox. Guzman grounded out to pitcher. Dukes lined out to pitcher. Zimmerman flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Ellsbury grounded out to second. Green grounded out to third. Smoltz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Smoltz pitching for Red Sox. Dunn struck out swinging. Willingham struck out looking. Bard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Pedroia popped out to third. Drew singled to center. Bay singled to center, Drew to third. Ortiz hit sacrifice fly to left, Drew scored. Lowell lined out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Bard pitching for Red Sox. Harris reached on infield single to third. Hernandez walked, Harris to second. Zimmermann sacrificed to pitcher, Harris to third, Hernandez to second, Zimmermann safe at first on error by pitcher Bard. Harris to third on error by pitcher Bard. Guzman singled to right, Harris and Hernandez scored, Zimmermann to second. Dukes grounded into fielder's choice to third, Zimmermann out at third, Guzman to second. Guzman to third, Dukes to second on wild pitch by Bard. Zimmerman struck out swinging. Dunn flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 7th. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Varitek walked. Ellsbury grounded into fielder's choice to second, Varitek out at second. Ellsbury stole second. Ellsbury safe at third on throwing error by catcher Bard. Green struck out swinging. Youkilis hit for Bard. Youkilis flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Kottaras catching. Saito pitching for Red Sox. Willingham grounded out to shortstop. Bard doubled to deep center. Harris homered to right, Bard scored. Hernandez lined out to left. Belliard hit for Zimmermann. Belliard struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Gonzalez at shortstop. Clippard pitching for Nationals. Pedroia grounded out to third. Drew grounded out to first. Kotsay hit for Bay. Kotsay doubled to deep right center. Ortiz flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Kotsay in left field. Lugo at shortstop. Baldelli in center field. Green at third base. Ramirez pitching for Red Sox. Gonzalez safe at first on error by shortstop Lugo. Dukes flied out to right. Zimmerman flied out to left. Dunn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 9th. Clippard pitching for Nationals. Lugo singled to left. Kottaras flied out to center. Baldelli homered to left, Lugo scored. Green struck out swinging. Ramirez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 3 - Nationals 9.	Nats rough up Smoltz in first start for BoSox  \n\n