Red Sox - Top 1st. Berken pitching for Orioles. Ellsbury walked. Pedroia singled to left, Ellsbury to second. Martinez lined out to right. Youkilis singled to left, Ellsbury to third, Pedroia to second. Ortiz flied out to left. Drew doubled to deep center, Ellsbury, Pedroia and Youkilis scored. Lowell singled to left, Drew scored, Lowell to second on error by catcher Zaun. Reddick lined out to first. 4 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Baldelli in right field. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Roberts walked. Pie grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Roberts out at second. Jones walked. Markakis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jones out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Berken pitching for Orioles. Lowrie flied out to center. Ellsbury singled to left. Pedroia singled to deep right, Ellsbury to third. Martinez singled to right, Ellsbury scored, Pedroia to second. Youkilis walked, Pedroia to third, Martinez to second. Bass pitching for Orioles. Ortiz walked, Pedroia scored, Martinez to third, Youkilis to second. Baldelli fouled out to first. Lowell struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Huff grounded out to second. Wigginton singled to center. Scott grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Wigginton out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Bass pitching for Orioles. Reddick homered to left. Lowrie walked. Ellsbury grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Lowrie out at second. Pedroia flied out to center. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Zaun flied out to right. Andino walked. Roberts singled to center, Andino to second. Pie reached on infield single to shortstop, Andino to third, Roberts to second. Jones doubled to deep right, Andino and Roberts scored, Pie to third. Markakis grounded out to first, Pie scored, Jones to third. Huff doubled to deep right, Jones scored. Wigginton homered to left, Huff scored. Scott struck out looking. 6 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Bass pitching for Orioles. Martinez singled to center. Youkilis reached on infield single to third, Martinez to second. Ortiz lined out to second. Baldelli singled to center, Martinez to third, Youkilis to second. Albers pitching for Orioles. Lowell doubled to deep left, Martinez and Youkilis scored, Baldelli to third. Reddick singled to center, Baldelli scored, Lowell to third. Lowrie singled to center, Lowell scored, Reddick to second. Ellsbury walked, Reddick to third, Lowrie to second. Pedroia lined out to third. Martinez singled to center, Reddick and Lowrie scored, Ellsbury to third. Youkilis singled to right, Ellsbury scored, Martinez to second. Hendrickson pitching for Orioles. Ortiz grounded out to second. 7 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Zaun struck out looking. Andino struck out swinging. Roberts singled to right. Pie grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Wieters catching. Hendrickson pitching for Orioles. Baldelli grounded out to shortstop. Lowell singled to right. Reddick flied out to right. Lowrie grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lowell out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Jones homered to left. Markakis walked. Huff singled to left, Markakis to second. Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox. Wigginton grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Huff out at second, Markakis to third. Scott walked. Wieters flied out to right. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Hendrickson pitching for Orioles. Ellsbury singled to left. Pedroia walked, Ellsbury to second. Martinez singled to left, Ellsbury to third, Pedroia to second. Youkilis walked, Ellsbury scored, Pedroia to third, Martinez to second. Ortiz grounded into double play, shortstop to first to second to shortstop, Pedroia scored, Youkilis out at second, Martinez to third. Baldelli grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox. Andino struck out looking. Roberts grounded out to shortstop. Pie walked. Jones singled to center, Pie to second. Ramirez pitching for Red Sox. Markakis doubled to deep right, Pie and Jones scored. Huff struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Meredith pitching for Orioles. Lowell grounded out to third. Reddick flied out to left. Lowrie struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Youkilis at third base. Kotchman at first base. Ramirez pitching for Red Sox. Wigginton grounded out to second. Scott singled to center. Wieters flied out to left. Andino singled to right center, Scott to second. Roberts doubled to right, Scott scored, Andino to third. Pie grounded out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Meredith pitching for Orioles. Ellsbury grounded out to first. Pedroia singled to right. Martinez doubled to right, Pedroia scored. Youkilis struck out swinging. Ortiz grounded out to first. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Saito pitching for Red Sox. Jones grounded out to second. Markakis grounded out to shortstop. Huff flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Johnson pitching for Orioles. Baldelli homered to left. Kotchman popped out to shortstop. Reddick flied out to center. Lowrie singled to right. Ellsbury lined out to center. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Saito pitching for Red Sox. Wigginton singled to center. Scott grounded into fielder's choice to second, Wigginton out at second. Wieters flied out to center. Andino grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 18 - Orioles 10.	Martinez's 5 hits lift BoSox