White Sox - Top 1st. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Podsednik flied out to left. Beckham grounded out to third. Dye grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Ellsbury flied out to right. Pedroia doubled to deep left center. Pedroia stole third. Martinez grounded out to second. Youkilis struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Thome lined out to right. Konerko walked. Quentin walked, Konerko to second. Pierzynski singled to center, Konerko scored, Quentin to third, Pierzynski to second advancing on throw. Ramirez hit sacrifice fly to left, Quentin scored. Nix grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Ortiz grounded out to second. Bay singled to left. Lowell grounded out to shortstop, Bay to second. Bay to third on wild pitch by Contreras. Drew walked. Bay scored, Drew caught stealing second, catcher to second to first to shortstop. Gonzalez batting. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Podsednik singled to center. Podsednik stole second. Beckham homered to left, Podsednik scored. Dye grounded out to pitcher. Thome struck out swinging. Konerko grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Gonzalez singled to center. Ellsbury flied out to center. Pedroia popped out to first. Martinez walked, Gonzalez to second. Youkilis hit by pitch, Gonzalez to third, Martinez to second. Ortiz safe at first on error by pitcher Contreras, Gonzalez scored, Martinez to third, Youkilis to second. Bay walked, Martinez scored, Youkilis to third, Ortiz to second. Youkilis scored, Ortiz to third, Bay to second on wild pitch by Contreras. Lowell homered to left, Ortiz and Bay scored. Carrasco pitching for White Sox. Drew fouled out to third. 6 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 4th. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Quentin flied out to right. Pierzynski doubled to deep right. Ramirez grounded out to first, Pierzynski to third. Nix struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Carrasco pitching for White Sox. Gonzalez singled to right. Ellsbury doubled to center, Gonzalez to third. Pedroia hit sacrifice fly to center, Gonzalez scored, Ellsbury to third. Martinez lined out to second. Youkilis singled to center, Ellsbury scored. Ortiz grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Podsednik singled to right center. Beckham flied out to center, Podsednik to third. Dye struck out swinging. Thome walked. Konerko homered to left, Podsednik and Thome scored. Ramirez pitching for Red Sox. Quentin struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Carrasco pitching for White Sox. Bay grounded out to shortstop. Lowell fouled out to first. Drew flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Ramirez pitching for Red Sox. Pierzynski grounded out to pitcher. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. Nix fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Carrasco pitching for White Sox. Gonzalez flied out to left. Ellsbury safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Nix. Pedroia singled to right, Ellsbury to second. Martinez flied out to right. Youkilis singled to left, Ellsbury to third, Pedroia to second. Williams pitching for White Sox. Ortiz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 7th. Ramirez pitching for Red Sox. Podsednik walked. Beckham popped out to shortstop. Podsednik to second on balk by Ramirez. Dye walked. Okajima pitching for Red Sox. Thome flied out to center. Bard pitching for Red Sox. Konerko hit by pitch, Podsednik to third, Dye to second. Quentin flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Dotel pitching for White Sox. Bay struck out swinging. Lowell grounded out to third. Drew homered to right. Gonzalez doubled to deep left. Ellsbury tripled to left, Gonzalez scored. Pedroia doubled to deep center, Ellsbury scored. Martinez popped out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Bard pitching for Red Sox. Pierzynski doubled to left. Ramirez reached on infield single to catcher. Kotsay hit for Nix. Kotsay grounded out to shortstop, Pierzynski to third, Ramirez to second. Podsednik grounded out to second, Pierzynski scored, Ramirez to third. Beckham struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Lillibridge at second base. Pena pitching for White Sox. Youkilis struck out swinging. Ortiz flied out to center. Bay flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Papelbon pitching for Red Sox. Dye struck out swinging. Thome struck out swinging. Konerko walked. Quentin lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 8 - Red Sox 12.	Red Sox roll White Sox after Contreras blooper