Angels - Top 1st. Byrd pitching for Red Sox. Figgins singled to center. Aybar popped out to shortstop. Abreu flied out to center. Guerrero flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Saunders pitching for Angels. Ellsbury walked. Pedroia grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ellsbury out at second. Bay grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Byrd pitching for Red Sox. Hunter flied out to center. Morales flied out to left. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Saunders pitching for Angels. Lowell singled to left. Ortiz struck out swinging. Baldelli struck out swinging. Varitek popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Byrd pitching for Red Sox. Rivera singled to center. Napoli grounded out to third, Rivera to second. Figgins lined out to left. Aybar reached on infield single to second, Rivera scored, Aybar to second advancing on throw. Abreu walked. Guerrero struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Saunders pitching for Angels. Kotchman doubled to deep left. Gonzalez sacrificed to pitcher, Kotchman to third. Ellsbury grounded out to first. Pedroia grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Byrd pitching for Red Sox. Hunter doubled to deep center. Morales popped out to second. Kendrick grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Hunter out at third. Rivera fouled out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Bay singled to left. Lowell struck out swinging, Bay stole second. Ortiz walked. Baldelli grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ortiz out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Byrd pitching for Red Sox. Napoli struck out swinging. Figgins struck out swinging. Aybar singled to right, Aybar to second on throwing error by right fielder Baldelli. Abreu doubled to deep center, Aybar scored. Guerrero popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Varitek struck out swinging. Kotchman struck out looking. Gonzalez lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Byrd pitching for Red Sox. Hunter homered to left. Morales struck out swinging. Kendrick hit ground rule double to deep right. Rivera singled to left, Kendrick to third. Saito pitching for Red Sox. Napoli walked, Rivera to second. Figgins flied out to left. Aybar popped out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Ellsbury reached on infield single to second. Pedroia doubled to left, Ellsbury to third. Bay singled to center, Ellsbury and Pedroia scored. Lowell grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bay safe at second on error by shortstop Aybar. Ortiz grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lowell out at second, Bay to third. Baldelli singled to left, Bay scored, Ortiz to second. Varitek walked, Ortiz to third, Baldelli to second. Kotchman popped out to shortstop. Gonzalez singled to right, Ortiz and Baldelli scored, Varitek to second. Bulger pitching for Angels. Ellsbury struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 7th. Anderson in right field. Saito pitching for Red Sox. Abreu grounded out to pitcher. Guerrero hit by pitch. Ramirez pitching for Red Sox. Hunter popped out to second. Morales struck out swinging, Morales safe at first on passed ball by Varitek, Guerrero to third on passed ball. Kendrick singled to left, Guerrero scored, Morales to second. Rivera doubled to deep center, Morales and Kendrick scored. Napoli doubled to deep left, Rivera scored. Okajima pitching for Red Sox. Figgins struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Jepsen pitching for Angels. Pedroia grounded out to shortstop. Bay grounded out to shortstop. Lowell grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Okajima pitching for Red Sox. Aybar singled to center. Abreu singled to center, Aybar to third. Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox. Quinlan hit for Guerrero. Izturis hit for Quinlan. Izturis popped out to shortstop. Abreu stole second. Hunter intentionally walked. Morales struck out swinging. Kendrick struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Jepsen pitching for Angels. Ortiz singled to center. Drew hit for Anderson. Drew walked, Ortiz to second. Reddick hit for Varitek. Reddick grounded into fielder's choice to second, Drew out at second, Ortiz to third. Oliver pitching for Angels. Reddick to second on wild pitch by Oliver. Kotchman grounded out to shortstop, Ortiz scored, Reddick to third. Gonzalez walked. Ellsbury singled to right, Reddick scored, Gonzalez to second. Pedroia flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Drew in right field. Brown catching. Bard pitching for Red Sox. Rivera grounded out to catcher. Napoli grounded out to third. Figgins singled to center. Aybar singled to right, Figgins to third. Abreu singled to left, Figgins scored, Aybar to second. Izturis grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Fuentes pitching for Angels. Bay popped out to second. Lowell flied out to center. Ortiz walked. Gathright ran for Ortiz. Drew reached on infield single to shortstop, Gathright to second. Lowrie hit for Brown. Lowrie reached on infield single to third, Gathright to third, Drew to second. Green hit for Kotchman. Green walked, Gathright scored, Drew to third, Lowrie to second. Gonzalez singled to left, Drew scored, Lowrie to third, Green to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 8 - Red Sox 9.	3rd rally the charm as Red Sox tip Angels in 9th