Red Sox - Top 1st. Lerew pitching for Royals. Ellsbury popped out to shortstop. Pedroia grounded out to shortstop. Martinez singled to center. Bay flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. DeJesus grounded out to first. Maier singled to right. Butler singled to right center, Maier to third. Jacobs struck out looking. Callaspo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Lerew pitching for Royals. Ortiz singled to center. Lowell grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ortiz out at second. Kotchman walked. Reddick lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Teahen struck out looking. Olivo struck out swinging. Gordon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Lerew pitching for Royals. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Ellsbury singled to center. Ellsbury stole second. Pedroia safe at first on error by third baseman Gordon, Ellsbury scored. Martinez flied out to center. Bay flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Betancourt struck out swinging. DeJesus grounded out to shortstop. Maier struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Lerew pitching for Royals. Ortiz homered to center. Lowell walked. Kotchman singled to right, Lowell to second. Reddick safe at first on error by shortstop Betancourt, Lowell scored, Kotchman to second. Gonzalez bunt popped out to first. Ellsbury singled to center, Kotchman to third, Reddick to second. Pedroia hit sacrifice fly to right, Kotchman scored, Reddick to third, Ellsbury to second. Martinez popped out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 4th. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Butler grounded out to second. Jacobs struck out swinging. Callaspo flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Lerew pitching for Royals. Bay struck out swinging. Ortiz flied out to left. Lowell walked. Kotchman doubled to deep left center, Lowell to third. Yabuta pitching for Royals. Reddick flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Teahen grounded out to shortstop. Olivo grounded out to third. Gordon singled to right. Betancourt flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Yabuta pitching for Royals. Gonzalez singled to center. Ellsbury struck out swinging, Gonzalez stole second, Gonzalez to third on throwing error by catcher Olivo. Pedroia doubled to deep left center, Gonzalez scored. Martinez flied out to left. Bay walked. Ortiz flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 6th. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. DeJesus flied out to center. Maier grounded out to second. Butler hit by pitch. Jacobs struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Yabuta pitching for Royals. Lowell singled to center. Woodward ran for Lowell. Kotchman struck out swinging. Reddick struck out looking. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Woodward out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Woodward at third base. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Callaspo flied out to left. Teahen grounded out to second. Olivo reached on infield single to second. Gordon singled to right, Olivo to second. Ramirez pitching for Red Sox. Betancourt flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Anderson in center field. Maier in left field. Farnsworth pitching for Royals. Ellsbury grounded out to first. Pedroia singled to center. Martinez singled to right, Pedroia to second. Bay struck out swinging. Pedroia to third, Martinez to second on wild pitch by Farnsworth. Ortiz walked. Woodward safe at first on error by shortstop Betancourt, Pedroia scored, Martinez to third, Ortiz to second. Kotchman struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 8th. Anderson in left field. Ramirez pitching for Red Sox. Anderson popped out to second. Maier singled to left. Butler homered to left, Maier scored. Jacobs singled to center. Saito pitching for Red Sox. Callaspo singled to left center, Jacobs to second. Teahen reached on infield single to pitcher, Jacobs to third, Callaspo to second. Olivo walked, Jacobs scored, Callaspo to third, Teahen to second. Gordon grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Olivo out at second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Wright pitching for Royals. Reddick struck out swinging. Gonzalez doubled to deep left. Ellsbury singled to center, Gonzalez scored. Ellsbury stole second. Pedroia safe at first on error by second baseman Callaspo, Ellsbury scored. Martinez walked, Pedroia to second. Anderson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Martinez out at second, Pedroia to third. Ortiz doubled to left, Pedroia and Anderson scored. Kottaras ran for Ortiz. Woodward flied out to left. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 9th. Gathright in left field. Lowrie at third base. Anderson in center field. Woodward at second base. Hernandez hit for Betancourt. Saito pitching for Red Sox. Hernandez struck out swinging. Anderson struck out swinging. Maier flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 10 - Royals 3.	Big bats help BoSox close in on AL wild card