Braves - Bottom 1st . Cairo grounded out to shortstop . Renteria grounded out to shortstop . Williams pitching for Cardinals . Furcal reached on infield single to second . Giles sacrificed to catcher , Furcal to second . Sheffield popped out to shallow center . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Hampton pitching for Braves . Pujols popped out to shallow right . Rolen flied out to center . Drew grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Williams pitching for Cardinals . Jones popped out to shallow right center . Franco singled to center . Castilla walked , Franco to second . Estrada flied out to center . Hampton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Castilla out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Hampton pitching for Braves . Marrero walked . Matheny lined out to third . Williams grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Marrero out at second . Vina grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Williams pitching for Cardinals . Furcal flied out to center . Giles doubled to deep right center . Sheffield flied out to shallow right center . Jones grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Hampton pitching for Braves . Cairo flied out to center . Renteria flied out to center . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Williams pitching for Cardinals . Jones struck out swinging . Franco singled to right . Castilla singled to center , Franco to second . Bragg ran for Franco . Estrada lined out to center . Franco at first base . Hampton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Hampton pitching for Braves . Rolen walked . Drew out ( hit by own batted ball ) to catcher . Drew batting . Marrero grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rolen out at second . Matheny grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Williams pitching for Cardinals . Furcal singled to left . Giles sacrificed to pitcher , Furcal to second . Sheffield popped out to shortstop . Jones grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Hampton pitching for Braves . Williams walked . Vina sacrificed to pitcher , Williams to second . Cairo tripled to deep left center , Williams scored . Renteria hit sacrifice fly to right , Cairo scored . Pujols doubled to left center . Robinson ran for Pujols . Rolen intentionally walked . Robinson in left field . Cairo at first base . Drew grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Williams pitching for Cardinals . Jones lined out to right center . Franco doubled to deep right center . Castilla singled to left . Lopez hit for Hampton . Estrada singled to right , Franco scored , Castilla to third . Lopez struck out swinging . Furcal singled to center , Castilla scored , Estrada to second . Gryboski pitching for Braves . Giles lined out to left . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Gryboski pitching for Braves . Marrero singled to left . Matheny sacrificed to third , Marrero to second . Williams struck out swinging . Vina tripled to deep right center , Marrero scored . Cairo grounded out to third . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Williams pitching for Cardinals . Sheffield grounded out to second . Jones singled to shallow left . Hermanson pitching for Cardinals . Holmes pitching for Braves . Jones grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Jones out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Holmes pitching for Braves . Renteria flied out to deep right . Robinson grounded out to first . Rolen popped out to shallow right center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Hermanson pitching for Cardinals . Franco singled to left . Franco to second on wild pitch by Hermanson . Castilla struck out swinging . Derosa hit for Holmes . Estrada singled to center , Franco thrown out at home , Estrada to second advancing on throw . King pitching for Braves . Derosa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Delgado hit for Drew . King pitching for Braves . Delgado struck out looking . Marrero walked . Kline pitching for Cardinals . Edmonds in center field . Marrero in right field . Matheny grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Marrero out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 9th . Kline pitching for Cardinals . Furcal singled to center . Giles sacrificed to pitcher , Furcal to second . Sheffield walked . Jones walked , Furcal to third , Sheffield to second . Eldred pitching for Cardinals . Jones singled to left center , Furcal and Sheffield scored , Jones to second . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 3 - Braves 4 .	Andruw Jones helps Braves rally over Cardinals