Blue Jays - Top 1st . Williams pitching for Cardinals . Johnson flied out to left center . Catalanotto struck out swinging . Wells flied out to right center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays . Cairo singled to left . Edmonds hit ground rule double to left , Cairo to third . Pujols hit sacrifice fly to deep right , Cairo scored , Edmonds to third . Rolen struck out swinging . Renteria grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Williams pitching for Cardinals . Delgado flied out to deep left center . Wilson struck out swinging . Hudson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays . Perez walked . Martinez singled to left , Perez to second . Matheny singled to left , Perez to third , Martinez to second . Williams grounded out to third , Perez scored , Martinez to third , Matheny to second . Cairo hit sacrifice fly to center , Martinez scored . Edmonds struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Williams pitching for Cardinals . Berg struck out looking . Woodward flied out to left . Hendrickson lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays . Pujols doubled to right center . Rolen safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Berg . Renteria lined out to center . Perez singled to right , Pujols to third , Rolen to second , Pujols scored on error by right fielder Johnson . Rolen stole third , Perez stole second . Martinez struck out swinging . Matheny intentionally walked . Williams tripled to right center , Rolen , Perez and Matheny scored . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Cairo grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Williams pitching for Cardinals . Johnson lined out to center . Catalanotto flied out to left . Wells walked . Delgado flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Edmonds hit by pitch . Pujols singled to center , Edmonds to second . Rolen lined out to right , Edmonds to third . Renteria grounded out to shortstop , Edmonds scored , Pujols to second . Perez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Williams pitching for Cardinals . Wilson flied out to right center . Hudson grounded out to second . Berg flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Martinez doubled to deep right center . Matheny flied out to right . Williams struck out looking . Cairo lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Williams pitching for Cardinals . Woodward flied out to shallow right . Towers popped out to first . Johnson grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Johnson in left field . Werth in right field . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Edmonds homered to right . Pujols homered to left . Rolen grounded out to third . Renteria flied out to right center . Perez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Williams pitching for Cardinals . Werth struck out looking . Wells fouled out to first . Tam pitching for Blue Jays . Johnson in center field . Clark in left field . Delgado grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Tam pitching for Blue Jays . Martinez struck out swinging . Matheny grounded out to shortstop . Robinson in left field . Taguchi in right field . Williams fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Williams pitching for Cardinals . Wilson struck out looking . Hudson singled to right . Politte pitching for Blue Jays . Berg grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hudson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Palmeiro hit for Edmonds . Politte pitching for Blue Jays . Cairo singled to left . Palmeiro struck out swinging . Delgado hit for Rolen . Robinson singled to left , Cairo to second . Delgado singled to right , Cairo to third , Robinson to second . Renteria hit sacrifice fly to right , Cairo scored , Robinson to third . Taguchi doubled to right center , Robinson and Delgado scored . Miller pitching for Blue Jays . Widger hit for Martinez . Palmeiro in right field . Delgado at third base . Widger at first base . Taguchi in center field . Hermanson pitching for Cardinals . Widger struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Hermanson pitching for Cardinals . Woodward homered to left . Clark singled to right . Johnson walked , Clark to second . Huckaby hit for Miller . Werth singled to right , Clark scored , Johnson to third . Huckaby doubled to left center , Johnson scored , Werth to third . Yan pitching for Cardinals . Delgado grounded out to first , Werth scored , Huckaby to third . Wilson grounded out to third , Huckaby scored . Hudson grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 5 - Cardinals 13 .	Cards ' Williams flirts with no - hit bid against upset Jays