Cardinals - Top 1st . Kim pitching for Red Sox . Cairo struck out swinging . Drew grounded out to second . Pujols singled to center . Edmonds flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Williams pitching for Cardinals . Damon fouled out to catcher . Walker walked . Garciaparra flied out to right . Ramirez doubled to deep left , Walker scored . Ortiz doubled to left , Ramirez scored . Millar grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Kim pitching for Red Sox . Rolen lined out to first . Renteria struck out swinging . Martinez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Williams pitching for Cardinals . Mueller grounded out to third . Nixon singled to left . Varitek singled to center , Nixon to second . Damon grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Varitek out at second , Nixon to third . Walker grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Kim pitching for Red Sox . Matheny popped out to shallow right . Palmeiro popped out to shallow left . Cairo grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Williams pitching for Cardinals . Garciaparra hit ground rule double to right . Ramirez lined out to center . Ortiz grounded out to first , Garciaparra to third . Millar flied out to shallow left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Kim pitching for Red Sox . Drew grounded out to second . Pujols flied out to right . Edmonds doubled to deep left . Rolen lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Williams pitching for Cardinals . Mueller grounded out to shortstop . Nixon flied out to left . Varitek flied out to right center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Kim pitching for Red Sox . Renteria doubled to right . Martinez flied out to deep center , Renteria to third . Matheny flied out to shallow right . Palmeiro singled to right , Renteria scored . Cairo reached on infield single to second , Palmeiro to second , Palmeiro to third , Cairo to second on throwing error by second baseman Walker . Drew homered to right center , Palmeiro and Cairo scored . Pujols popped out to third . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Williams pitching for Cardinals . Damon grounded out to shortstop . Walker struck out looking . Garciaparra singled to center . Seanez pitching for Red Sox . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Garciaparra out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Seanez pitching for Red Sox . Edmonds grounded out to shortstop . Rolen struck out swinging . Renteria reached on infield single to shortstop . Martinez walked , Renteria to second . Matheny reached on infield single to pitcher , Renteria to third , Martinez to second . Palmeiro flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Williams pitching for Cardinals . Ortiz doubled to center . Millar grounded out to third . Mueller grounded out to second . Nixon popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Seanez pitching for Red Sox . Cairo popped out to shortstop . Drew walked . Pujols homered to right , Drew scored . Edmonds safe at second on error by left fielder Ramirez . Mendoza pitching for Red Sox . Rolen reached on infield single to shortstop , Edmonds to third . Renteria singled to center , Edmonds scored , Rolen to second . Perez at first base . Martinez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Renteria out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Williams pitching for Cardinals . Varitek grounded out to second . Damon flied out to right . Walker hit ground rule double to right . Garciaparra tripled to deep left , Walker scored . Ramirez homered to right , Garciaparra scored . Fassero pitching for Cardinals . Ortiz singled to right . Millar grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Mendoza pitching for Red Sox . Matheny grounded out to second . Palmeiro walked . Cairo popped out to shortstop . Embree pitching for Red Sox . Drew struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Fassero pitching for Cardinals . Mueller grounded out to third . Nixon walked . Calero pitching for Cardinals . Varitek homered to right , Nixon scored . Kline pitching for Cardinals . Damon grounded out to shortstop . Walker hit ground rule double to left . Garciaparra walked . Ramirez intentionally walked , Walker to third , Garciaparra to second . Lyon pitching for Red Sox . Ortiz flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Lyon pitching for Red Sox . Pujols grounded out to pitcher . Edmonds doubled to deep left . Rolen doubled to left , Edmonds scored . Renteria struck out swinging . Perez singled to left , Rolen scored , Perez to second advancing on throw . Robinson in center field . Eldred pitching for Cardinals . Matheny struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Eldred pitching for Cardinals . Millar flied out to right center . Mueller singled to right . Nixon struck out swinging . Varitek struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 9 - Red Sox 7 .	First meeting since ' 67 goes Cards ' way at Fenway