Dodgers - Top 1st . Izturis singled to left . Cora flied out to shallow left center . Green singled to left , Izturis to second . Lo Duca singled to shallow right center , Izturis scored , Green to third . Hermansen walked , Lo Duca to second . Cabrera singled to left , Green and Lo Duca scored , Hermansen to third , Cabrera to second advancing on throw . Beltre singled to right center , Hermansen and Cabrera scored . Ross struck out swinging , Beltre to second on wild pitch by Morris . Perez grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Hart flied out to right center . Edmonds doubled to right center . Pujols doubled to left , Edmonds scored . Pujols stole third . Rolen homered to left , Pujols scored . Perez flied out to right . Renteria singled to left . Martinez safe at first on error by shortstop Izturis , Renteria to second . Renteria stole third , Martinez stole second . Matheny flied out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Izturis grounded out to first . Cora grounded out to second . Green singled to center , Green advanced to second on play . Lo Duca walked . Hermansen singled to center , Green scored , Lo Duca to third , Hermansen to second advancing on throw . Cabrera struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Morris grounded out to third . Hart singled to center . Edmonds flied out to deep left . Pujols grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hart out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Beltre grounded out to shortstop . Ross doubled to left . Perez flied out to right . Izturis grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Rolen grounded out to shortstop . Perez popped out to shallow right . Renteria grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Cora grounded out to first . Green flied out to center . Lo Duca singled to left . Hermansen flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Martinez grounded out to first . Matheny singled to left . Morris sacrificed to catcher , Matheny to second . Hart grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Cabrera grounded out to third . Beltre reached on infield single to shortstop . Ross grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Beltre out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Edmonds grounded out to second . Pujols walked . Rolen doubled to deep left center , Pujols scored . Perez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rolen out at third . Renteria singled to center , Perez to second . Martinez flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Painter pitching for Cardinals . Barnes hit for Perez . Barnes grounded out to second . Izturis grounded out to shortstop . Mota pitching for Dodgers . Cora grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Robinson hit for Painter . Matheny struck out looking . Robinson grounded out to shortstop . Hart singled to right . Yan pitching for Cardinals . Edmonds grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Green doubled to deep left center . Lo Duca lined out to right , Green to third . Hermansen popped out to second . Cabrera safe at first on error by third baseman Rolen , Green scored . Cabrera stole second . Ruan in center field . Cabrera in left field . Beltre grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . Rolen hit ground rule double to right center . Perez singled to left , Rolen to third . Renteria grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Perez out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Ross popped out to shallow left center . Mota grounded out to pitcher . Izturis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Palmeiro hit for Matheny . Martinez singled to right center . Martin pitching for Dodgers . Drew hit for Yan . Palmeiro flied out to right center . Drew flied out to left . Quantrill pitching for Dodgers . Hart singled to right , Martinez to second . Widger catching . Fassero pitching for Cardinals . Edmonds flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Cora doubled to left . Green hit ground rule double to deep center , Cora scored . Lo Duca singled to left , Green scored . Ruan grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lo Duca out at second . Cabrera flied out to right . Beltre struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Pujols hit ground rule double to right . Rolen struck out swinging . Perez grounded out to second , Pujols to third . Renteria grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 9 - Cardinals 4 .	Green finds money swing as Dodgers run it up on Cards