Cardinals - Top 1st . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Hart struck out looking . Drew flied out to left . Pujols walked . Martinez singled to center , Pujols to third , Pujols scored , Martinez to second on error by center fielder Kotsay . Rolen singled to left center , Martinez scored . Renteria grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 1st . Tomko pitching for Cardinals . Vazquez struck out looking . Kotsay doubled to right . Loretta singled to center , Kotsay scored . Klesko struck out swinging . Nevin grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Loretta out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Robinson flied out to center . Widger singled to center . Tomko grounded out to second , Widger to second . Hart grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Tomko pitching for Cardinals . White tripled to right center . Hansen struck out swinging . Ojeda singled to center , White scored . Lawrence grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Ojeda out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Drew singled to left . Drew caught stealing second , catcher to second . Pujols lined out to right . Martinez singled to right . Rolen singled to center , Martinez to third . Renteria singled to left , Martinez scored , Rolen to second . Robinson grounded out to first . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Tomko pitching for Cardinals . Vazquez grounded out to second . Kotsay doubled to right center . Loretta singled to left center , Kotsay scored , Loretta out stretching at second . Klesko singled to right . Nevin walked , Klesko to second . White struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Widger grounded out to shortstop . Tomko struck out looking . Hart grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Tomko pitching for Cardinals . Hansen lined out to left . Ojeda struck out looking . Lawrence singled to left center . Vazquez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Drew lined out to second . Pujols struck out swinging . Martinez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Tomko pitching for Cardinals . Kotsay grounded out to second . Loretta singled to left . Klesko singled to left , Loretta to second . Nevin flied out to left center . White struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Rolen grounded out to third . Renteria reached on infield single to catcher . Robinson hit ground rule double to deep center , Renteria to third . Palmeiro hit for Tomko . Widger grounded out to second , Renteria scored , Robinson to third . Palmeiro singled to right , Robinson scored . Matthews Jr in left field . Linebrink pitching for Padres . Yan pitching for Cardinals . Hart struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Yan pitching for Cardinals . Hansen grounded out to third . Ojeda walked . Matthews Jr flied out to deep right . Kline pitching for Cardinals . Vazquez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Linebrink pitching for Padres . Drew lined out to shortstop . Pujols singled to center . Martinez singled to right center , Pujols to third . Rolen hit sacrifice fly to right , Pujols scored , Martinez to second advancing on throw . Renteria doubled to deep center , Martinez scored . Robinson singled to left , Renteria to third , Robinson to second advancing on throw . Widger intentionally walked . Perez hit for Kline . Painter pitching for Cardinals . Perez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Painter pitching for Cardinals . Kotsay grounded out to second . Loretta grounded out to third . Klesko grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Linebrink pitching for Padres . Hart singled to left . Drew struck out swinging . Pujols doubled to right center , Hart scored . Wright pitching for Padres . Buchanan in left field . Matthews Jr in center field . Martinez fouled out to third . Pujols to third on passed ball by Ojeda . Rolen walked . Eldred pitching for Cardinals . Renteria flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Eldred pitching for Cardinals . Nevin singled to center . Buchanan grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Nevin out at second . Hansen singled to left . Ojeda struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Wright pitching for Padres . Robinson reached on infield single to second . Widger popped out to second . Delgado hit for Eldred . Delgado flied out to left . Crudale pitching for Cardinals . Hart struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 9th . Crudale pitching for Cardinals . Matthews Jr walked . Matthews Jr to second on wild pitch by Crudale . Burroughs hit for Wright . Vazquez grounded out to first , Matthews Jr to third . Burroughs walked . Jarvis ran for Burroughs . Loretta grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Matthews Jr scored , Jarvis out at second . Klesko grounded out to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 8 - Padres 4 .	Nevin goes 1 - for-3 in return , but Padres fall