Pirates - Top 1st . Williams pitching for Cardinals . Kendall lined out to second . Nunez tripled to right . Giles singled to center , Nunez scored . Stairs walked , Giles to second . Wilson popped out to first . Simon grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Fogg pitching for Pirates . Hart reached on infield single to third , Hart to second on throwing error by third baseman Hernandez . Drew grounded out to first , Hart to third . Pujols singled to center , Hart scored . Martinez singled to right , Pujols to third . Rolen hit by pitch , Martinez to second . Renteria fouled out to first . Perez lined out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 2nd . Williams pitching for Cardinals . Hernandez singled to center . Reboulet grounded out to first , Hernandez to second . Fogg struck out looking . Kendall singled to left , Hernandez scored , Kendall to second advancing on throw . Nunez walked . Giles struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Fogg pitching for Pirates . Matheny popped out to shallow right . Williams struck out looking . Hart singled to center . Drew singled to left center , Hart to second . Pujols doubled to deep left center , Hart and Drew scored . Martinez hit ground rule double to deep left , Pujols scored . Rolen flied out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Williams pitching for Cardinals . Stairs popped out to shortstop . Wilson lined out to right . Simon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Fogg pitching for Pirates . Renteria doubled to left . Perez sacrificed to first , Renteria to third . Matheny struck out looking . Williams grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Williams pitching for Cardinals . Hernandez grounded out to pitcher . Reboulet grounded out to third . Fogg fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Fogg pitching for Pirates . Hart grounded out to second . Drew walked . Pujols flied out to left . Martinez singled to shallow center , Drew to third . Rolen homered to center , Drew and Martinez scored . Renteria lined out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Williams pitching for Cardinals . Kendall singled to center . Nunez grounded out to third , Kendall to second . Giles flied out to left . Stairs popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Sanchez pitching for Pirates . Perez doubled to left . Matheny reached on infield single to pitcher , Perez to third . Williams struck out swinging . Hart grounded into double play , third to second to first , Matheny out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Williams pitching for Cardinals . Wilson hit by pitch . Simon struck out swinging . Hernandez doubled to center , Wilson to third . Reboulet singled to left center , Wilson and Hernandez scored . Rivera hit for Sanchez . Rivera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Reboulet out at second . Kendall walked , Rivera to second . Nunez singled to right , Rivera scored , Kendall to third . Kline pitching for Cardinals . Giles walked , Nunez to second . Sanders hit for Stairs . Simontacchi pitching for Cardinals . Sanders in left field . Tavarez pitching for Pirates . Sanders lined out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Tavarez pitching for Pirates . Drew reached on infield single to shortstop . Pujols doubled to left center , Drew scored . Martinez singled to center , Pujols scored . Rolen grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Martinez out at second . Renteria reached on bunt single to third , Rolen to second . Palmeiro hit for Perez . Palmeiro flied out to left . Palmeiro in right field . Matheny grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rolen out at third . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Simontacchi pitching for Cardinals . Wilson doubled to center , Wilson to second . Simon grounded out to pitcher , Wilson to third . Hernandez grounded out to third , Wilson scored . Reboulet grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Tavarez pitching for Pirates . Simontacchi grounded out to shortstop . Hart grounded out to second . Drew grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Hyzdu hit for Tavarez . Simontacchi pitching for Cardinals . Hyzdu struck out swinging . Kendall lined out to right . Nunez singled to left center . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Beimel pitching for Pirates . Giles popped out to shallow left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Ronald Beimel pitching for Pirates . Pujols singled to left . Martinez struck out swinging . Rolen walked , Pujols to second . Renteria doubled to left , Pujols scored , Rolen to third . Palmeiro flied out to left . Matheny intentionally walked . Isringhausen tripled to deep center , Rolen , Renteria and Matheny scored . Hart lined out to third . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Sanders doubled to left . Wilson doubled to left , Sanders scored . Simon lined out to right , Wilson to third . Wilson scored on Isringhausen 's wild pitch . Hernandez struck out swinging . Reboulet struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 8 - Cardinals 13 .	Martinez , Pujols combine for eight hits