Indians - Top 1st . Fogg pitching for Pirates . Lawton singled to right . Blake singled to right , Lawton to third . Gerut safe at first on error by second baseman Reboulet , Lawton scored , Blake to second . Bradley grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Gerut out at second , Blake to third . Broussard doubled to deep right , Blake scored , Bradley to third . Bard struck out looking . McDonald flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Tallet pitching for Indians . Lofton tripled to right center . Kendall safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Blake . Giles struck out swinging . Kendall caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Ramirez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Top 2nd . Fogg pitching for Pirates . Phillips flied out to left center . Tallet struck out swinging . Lawton safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Ramirez , Lawton tagged out at second attempting to advance on runner 's fielder 's choice . Lawton batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Tallet pitching for Indians . Sanders grounded out to third . Young flied out to left . Wilson lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Fogg pitching for Pirates . Blake doubled to deep left . Gerut grounded out to second , Blake to third . Bradley hit sacrifice fly to left , Blake scored . Broussard flied out to shallow left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Tallet pitching for Indians . Reboulet singled to center . Fogg sacrificed to pitcher , Reboulet to second . Lofton struck out swinging . Kendall safe at first on error by pitcher Tallet , Reboulet to third . Giles doubled to left , Reboulet scored , Kendall to third . Ramirez homered to left , Kendall and Giles scored . Sanders doubled to right . Young flied out to left . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 4th . Fogg pitching for Pirates . Bard popped out to shortstop . McDonald flied out to deep right . Phillips hit ground rule double to left . Tallet grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Tallet pitching for Indians . Wilson flied out to left . Reboulet grounded out to first . Fogg grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Fogg pitching for Pirates . Lawton grounded out to second . Blake flied out to left center . Gerut flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Tallet pitching for Indians . Lofton grounded out to first . Kendall flied out to right . Giles grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Fogg pitching for Pirates . Bradley singled to center . Broussard struck out swinging , Bradley stole second . Bard struck out looking . McDonald grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Tallet pitching for Indians . Ramirez grounded out to pitcher . Sanders grounded out to third . Young reached on infield single to second . Wilson singled to left , Young to second . Reboulet grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Sorensen hit for Tallet . Fogg pitching for Pirates . Phillips popped out to second . Sorensen singled to center . Lawton struck out swinging . Boyd pitching for Indians . Stairs hit for Fogg . Blake bunt grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Boyd pitching for Indians . Stairs grounded out to second . Lofton struck out looking . Sauerbeck pitching for Pirates . Spencer hit for Gerut . Kendall flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Sauerbeck pitching for Pirates . Spencer struck out looking . Bradley walked . Bradley stole second . Broussard grounded out to second , Bradley to third . Bard singled to right , Bradley scored . McDonald singled to left center , Bard to second . Peralta ran for Bard . Tavarez pitching for Pirates . Spencer in right field . Laker catching . Phillips grounded into fielder 's choice to second , McDonald out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Boyd pitching for Indians . Giles walked . Ramirez walked , Giles to second . Nunez hit for Sanders . Nunez bunted into fielder 's choice to third , Giles out at third , Ramirez to second . Riske pitching for Indians . Simon hit for Young . Simon struck out looking . Simon at first base . Hyzdu in right field . Crisp hit for Riske . Wilson lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Tavarez pitching for Pirates . Crisp grounded out to second . Lawton struck out looking . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Blake grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Wilson hit for Tavarez . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Reboulet grounded out to third . Wilson struck out swinging . Williams pitching for Pirates . Lofton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 10th . Williams pitching for Pirates . Spencer grounded out to shortstop . Bradley reached on bunt single to pitcher . Bradley stole second , Bradley safe at third on throwing error by catcher Kendall . Broussard struck out swinging . Miceli pitching for Indians . Laker grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 10th . Miceli pitching for Indians . Kendall fouled out to third . Giles flied out to shallow left . Ramirez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 11th . Williams pitching for Pirates . McDonald flied out to center . Phillips fouled out to catcher . Sabathia hit for Miceli . Sabathia singled to right . Davis ran for Sabathia . Lawton singled to center , Davis to second . Anderson ran for Davis . Mulholland pitching for Indians . Blake grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 11th . Mulholland pitching for Indians . Hyzdu grounded out to shortstop . Simon walked . Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Simon out at second . Torres pitching for Pirates . Reboulet grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 12th . Torres pitching for Pirates . Spencer singled to center . Bradley flied out to left . Broussard singled to left , Spencer to second . Laker grounded out to first , Spencer to third , Broussard to second . McDonald struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 12th . Mulholland pitching for Indians . Torres flied out to right . Lofton popped out to shortstop . Kendall reached on infield single to third . Giles walked , Kendall to second . Ramirez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 13th . Torres pitching for Pirates . Phillips grounded out to shortstop . Mulholland struck out looking . Lawton grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 13th . Mulholland pitching for Indians . Hyzdu walked . Simon bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Hyzdu out at second . Wilson grounded out to pitcher , Simon to second . Reboulet intentionally walked . Torres walked , Simon to third , Reboulet to second . Lofton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Torres out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 14th . Torres pitching for Pirates . Blake grounded out to pitcher . Spencer flied out to shallow center . Bradley singled to center . Broussard singled to right , Bradley to second . Laker grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Broussard out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 14th . Mulholland pitching for Indians . Kendall doubled to deep center . Giles intentionally walked . Baez pitching for Indians . Ramirez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Giles out at second , Kendall to third . Hyzdu flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 15th . Torres pitching for Pirates . McDonald singled to left . Phillips singled to left , McDonald to second . Baez bunted into fielder 's choice to third , McDonald out at third , Phillips to second . Lawton grounded into double play , second to first , Baez out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 15th . Baez pitching for Indians . Simon homered to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 4 - Pirates 5 .	Simon says game over : Bucs OF 's HR wins game in 15th