Reds - Top 1st . Fogg pitching for Pirates . Larkin grounded out to shortstop . Guillen struck out swinging . Griffey Jr fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Dempster pitching for Reds . Kendall doubled to left . Reboulet singled to center , Kendall scored . Giles popped out to shortstop . Ramirez flied out to left . Stairs struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 2nd . Fogg pitching for Pirates . Dunn grounded out to second . Boone safe at first on error by first baseman Rivera . Boone stole second . Branyan walked . Stinnett walked , Boone to third , Branyan to second . Olmedo grounded out to shortstop , Boone scored , Branyan to third , Stinnett to second . Dempster grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Dempster pitching for Reds . Sanders singled to left . Rivera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sanders out at second . Wilson reached on bunt single to third , Rivera to second . Fogg sacrificed to first , Rivera to third , Wilson to second , Rivera scored , Wilson to third , Fogg safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Dempster . Kendall hit by pitch . Reboulet grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kendall out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Top 3rd . Fogg pitching for Pirates . Larkin doubled to left . Guillen singled to center , Larkin scored . Griffey Jr walked , Guillen to second . Dunn grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Griffey Jr out at second , Guillen to third . Boone flied out to deep center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Dempster pitching for Reds . Giles singled to center . Ramirez flied out to right . Stairs homered to right , Giles scored . Sanders grounded out to third . Rivera grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 4th . Fogg pitching for Pirates . Branyan walked . Stinnett flied out to center . Olmedo grounded out to second , Branyan to second . Dempster struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Dempster pitching for Reds . Wilson hit ground rule double to deep center . Fogg sacrificed to first , Wilson to third . Kendall hit by pitch . Reboulet grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Wilson scored , Kendall out at second . Giles struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 5th . Fogg pitching for Pirates . Larkin grounded out to first . Guillen grounded out to shortstop . Griffey Jr grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Dempster pitching for Reds . Ramirez singled to left . Stairs homered to left , Ramirez scored . Riedling pitching for Reds . Sanders homered to left . Rivera grounded out to pitcher . Wilson flied out to left . Fogg singled to center . Kendall grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Fogg out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 6th . Fogg pitching for Pirates . Dunn tripled to deep right . Boone singled to center , Dunn scored . Branyan doubled to right center , Boone scored . Lincoln pitching for Pirates . Stinnett lined out to left . Taylor hit for Riedling . Olmedo grounded out to second , Branyan to third . Van Poppel pitching for Reds . Taylor grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Van Poppel pitching for Reds . Reboulet grounded out to third . Giles flied out to left . Ramirez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 7th . Lincoln pitching for Pirates . Larkin singled to center . Guillen flied out to center . Sauerbeck pitching for Pirates . Griffey Jr walked , Larkin to second . Dunn singled to center , Larkin to third , Griffey Jr to second . Boone walked , Larkin scored , Griffey Jr to third , Dunn to second . Branyan struck out looking . Torres pitching for Pirates . Stinnett struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Van Poppel pitching for Reds . Stairs popped out to shallow left . Sanders grounded out to shortstop . Rivera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 8th . Kearns hit for Van Poppel . Torres pitching for Pirates . Olmedo grounded out to pitcher . Kearns singled to left . Reith pitching for Reds . Larkin grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kearns out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Nunez hit for Torres . Reith pitching for Reds . Wilson popped out to second . Nunez walked . Nunez caught stealing second , catcher to second . Kendall doubled to left center . Williams pitching for Pirates . Reboulet popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 9th . Williams pitching for Pirates . Guillen singled to center . Griffey Jr doubled to deep right , Guillen to third . Dunn walked . Boone singled to left , Guillen and Griffey Jr scored , Dunn to second . Branyan struck out swinging . Stinnett grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Boone out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Reds 7 - Pirates 8 .	Stairs ' homers help Pirates avoid another collapse