Brewers - Top 1st . Wells pitching for Pirates . Podsednik reached on infield single to shortstop . Ginter singled to left , Podsednik to second . Jenkins grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ginter out at second , Podsednik to third . Sexson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Ford pitching for Brewers . Lofton flied out to center . Kendall struck out swinging . Giles walked . Ramirez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Wells pitching for Pirates . Clark doubled to left . Helms grounded out to third . Perez struck out swinging . Clayton grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Ford pitching for Brewers . Sanders homered to center . Wilson singled to left . Wilson caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop to first . Wilson lined out to pitcher . Reboulet walked . Wells singled to center , Reboulet to second . Lofton walked , Reboulet to third , Wells to second . Kendall singled to right , Reboulet and Wells scored , Lofton to third , Lofton scored on throwing error by right fielder Clark . J Kendall to second on error by pitcher Ford . Giles struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Wells pitching for Pirates . Ford hit ground rule double to left . Podsednik grounded out to third . Ginter struck out swinging . Jenkins singled to right , Ford thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Ford pitching for Brewers . Ramirez homered to center . Sanders popped out to second . Wilson singled to left . Burba pitching for Brewers . Wilson popped out to shortstop . Reboulet popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Wells pitching for Pirates . Sexson struck out swinging . Clark reached on infield single to shortstop . Helms struck out swinging . Perez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Burba pitching for Brewers . Wells singled to center . Lofton singled to right center , Wells to second . Kendall struck out swinging . Giles struck out looking . Ramirez singled to shallow center , Wells scored , Lofton to third . Sanders hit by pitch , Ramirez to second . Wilson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Wells pitching for Pirates . Clayton grounded out to shortstop . Burba struck out swinging . Podsednik flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Burba pitching for Brewers . Wilson flied out to right . Reboulet struck out looking . Wells struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Wells pitching for Pirates . Ginter struck out swinging . Jenkins safe at second on error by pitcher Wells . Sexson struck out swinging . Clark singled to right , Jenkins scored . Helms flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Burba pitching for Brewers . Lofton flied out to deep left center . Kendall grounded out to shortstop . Giles walked . Ramirez singled to right , Giles to third . Kieschnick pitching for Brewers . Sanders flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Wells pitching for Pirates . Perez grounded out to third . Clayton struck out swinging . Kieschnick singled to left . Vizcaino pitching for Brewers . Rivera hit for Wilson . Podsednik grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Vizcaino pitching for Brewers . Rivera grounded out to second . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . Rivera at first base . Tavarez pitching for Pirates . Reboulet grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Tavarez pitching for Pirates . Ginter singled to left center . Jenkins singled to right , Ginter to second . Sexson hit ground rule double to left center , Ginter scored , Jenkins to third . Young hit for Helms . Clark grounded out to shortstop , Jenkins scored . Young grounded out to shortstop . Perez safe at first on error by first baseman Rivera , Sexson to third . Young at second base . Ginter at third base . De Los Santos pitching for Brewers . Hyzdu hit for Tavarez . Clayton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Perez out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 8th . De Los Santos pitching for Brewers . Hyzdu lined out to shortstop . Lofton struck out looking . Sauerbeck pitching for Pirates . Vander Wal hit for De Los Santos . Kendall flied out to right center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Sauerbeck pitching for Pirates . Vander Wal singled to right center . Podsednik walked , Vander Wal to second . Lincoln pitching for Pirates . Ginter grounded into double play , third to first , Vander Wal out at third , Podsednik to second . Podsednik to third on wild pitch by Lincoln . Jenkins lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 3 - Pirates 6 .	Wells wins for first time in 14 home starts