Pirates - Top 1st . Fassero pitching for Cardinals . Kendall grounded out to third . Reboulet grounded out to first . Giles lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Torres pitching for Pirates . Hart struck out swinging . Drew struck out swinging . Pujols struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Fassero pitching for Cardinals . Sanders flied out to deep right . Wilson struck out looking . Hernandez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Torres pitching for Pirates . Martinez singled to right . Rolen walked , Martinez to second . Renteria grounded into double play , third to second to first , Rolen out at second , Martinez to third . Robinson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Fassero pitching for Cardinals . Hyzdu struck out swinging . Nunez struck out swinging . Torres struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Torres pitching for Pirates . Widger grounded out to third . Fassero struck out swinging . Hart lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Fassero pitching for Cardinals . Kendall walked . Reboulet lined into double play , to shortstop , Kendall doubled off first . Giles fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Torres pitching for Pirates . Drew grounded out to first . Pujols walked . Martinez singled to left , Pujols to third . Rolen grounded into double play , third to second to first , Martinez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Fassero pitching for Cardinals . Sanders singled to left center . Wilson struck out swinging . Sanders stole second . Hernandez walked . Hyzdu grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Hernandez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Torres pitching for Pirates . Renteria grounded out to shortstop . Robinson reached on infield single to shortstop . Widger flied out to right . Fassero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Fassero pitching for Cardinals . Nunez hit by pitch . Torres sacrificed to pitcher , Nunez to second . Kendall flied out to center . Nunez stole third . Reboulet singled to left , Nunez scored . Giles walked , Reboulet to second . Yan pitching for Cardinals . Sanders flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Torres pitching for Pirates . Hart reached on infield single to first . Drew grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hart out at second . Pujols singled to center , Drew to second . Martinez grounded out to first , Drew to third , Pujols to second . Rolen grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Yan pitching for Cardinals . Wilson struck out looking . Hernandez singled to center . Hyzdu doubled to left , Hernandez to third . Painter pitching for Cardinals . Nunez sacrificed to pitcher , Hernandez scored , Hyzdu to third . Torres reached on infield single to first , Hyzdu scored . Simontacchi pitching for Cardinals . Kendall flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Torres pitching for Pirates . Renteria singled to left . Robinson reached on bunt single to pitcher , Renteria to second . Widger grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Robinson out at second , Renteria to third . Palmeiro hit sacrifice fly to center , Renteria scored . Hart grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Simontacchi pitching for Cardinals . Reboulet singled to left . Giles flied out to center . Reboulet to second on wild pitch by Simontacchi . Rivera hit for Wilson . Sanders grounded out to third . Rivera at first base . Boehringer pitching for Pirates . Delgado hit for Simontacchi . Rivera grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Boehringer pitching for Pirates . Delgado grounded out to shortstop . Pujols bunt grounded out to third . Eldred pitching for Cardinals . Martinez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Eldred pitching for Cardinals . Hernandez popped out to shallow right . Hyzdu grounded out to shortstop . Lincoln pitching for Pirates . Nunez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Lincoln pitching for Pirates . Rolen grounded out to third . Renteria singled to left . Perez hit for Widger . Robinson singled to left center , Renteria to second . Renteria stole third , Robinson stole second . Perez popped out to shallow right . Palmeiro singled to center , Renteria and Robinson scored . Matheny hit for Eldred . Hart walked , Palmeiro to second . Matheny reached on infield single to third , Palmeiro to third , Hart to second . Pujols singled to center , Palmeiro scored , Hart to third , Matheny to second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 3 - Cardinals 4 .	Pujols sinks Pirates with walk - off single