Pirates - Top 1st . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . Kendall grounded out to shortstop . Redman singled to left . Giles hit by pitch , Redman to second . Sanders singled to right , Redman scored , Giles to third , Sanders to second advancing on throw . Stairs struck out swinging . Hernandez grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Fogg pitching for Pirates . Podsednik singled to center . Podsednik stole second . Ginter struck out swinging . Jenkins singled to right center , Podsednik scored . Sexson struck out looking . Vander Wal flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . Mackowiak reached on infield single to shortstop . Wilson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Mackowiak out at second . Fogg grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Fogg pitching for Pirates . Helms singled to center . Perez safe at first on error by third baseman Hernandez , Helms to second . Clayton grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Perez out at second , Helms to third . Obermueller grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 3rd . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . Kendall singled to left . Redman flied out to shallow left . Giles lined out to shortstop . Sanders singled to left center , Kendall to second . Stairs grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Fogg pitching for Pirates . Podsednik flied out to left . Ginter grounded out to shortstop . Jenkins doubled to center . Sexson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . Hernandez singled to right . Mackowiak flied out to left . Wilson flied out to right . Hernandez to second on wild pitch by Obermueller . Fogg walked . Kendall grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Fogg out at second , Hernandez to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Fogg pitching for Pirates . Vander Wal grounded out to second . Helms grounded out to third . Perez flied out to left center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . Redman grounded out to first . Giles flied out to left . Sanders hit ground rule double to left center . Stairs intentionally walked . Stairs caught stealing second , catcher to second . Hernandez batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Fogg pitching for Pirates . Clayton singled to center . Obermueller singled to center , Clayton to third . Podsednik bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Clayton out at home , Obermueller to second . Ginter flied out to left . Jenkins homered to right , Obermueller and Podsednik scored . Sexson walked . Vander Wal grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . Hernandez flied out to right . Mackowiak singled to right . Rivera hit for Fogg . Wilson grounded out to catcher , Mackowiak to second . Boehringer pitching for Pirates . Rivera struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Boehringer pitching for Pirates . Helms struck out swinging . Perez popped out to second . De Los Santos pitching for Brewers . Clayton fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . De Los Santos pitching for Brewers . Kendall grounded out to third . Redman grounded out to second . Hall hit for De Los Santos . Giles grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Boehringer pitching for Pirates . Hall popped out to shallow right center . Podsednik walked . Ginter doubled to left , Podsednik to third . Jenkins intentionally walked . Sexson hit sacrifice fly to center , Podsednik scored , Ginter to third . Clark in right field . Vizcaino pitching for Brewers . Vander Wal struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Vizcaino pitching for Brewers . Sanders doubled to deep center . Stairs walked . Hernandez grounded into double play , third to first , Sanders out at third , Stairs to second . Mackowiak homered to right center , Stairs scored . Wilson hit for Boehringer . Wilson reached on infield single to first . Tavarez pitching for Pirates . Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wilson out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Tavarez pitching for Pirates . Helms singled to center . Perez sacrificed to pitcher , Helms to second . Clayton walked . Clark singled to right , Helms scored , Clayton to second , Clayton out at second in rundown . Podsednik intentionally walked , Clark to second . Ginter hit by pitch , Clark to third , Podsednik to second . Gonzalez pitching for Pirates . Estrella pitching for Brewers . Jenkins struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Estrella pitching for Brewers . Kendall grounded out to pitcher . Redman doubled to right center . Giles singled to center , Redman scored . Sanders grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Giles out at second . Sanders to second on fielder 's indifference . Stairs homered to left center , Sanders scored . Corey pitching for Pirates . Hernandez flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 9th . Smith hit for Estrella . Corey pitching for Pirates . Sexson struck out swinging . Smith walked . Helms singled to center , Smith to second . Perez popped out to shallow center . Clayton singled to left , Smith scored , Helms to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 6 - Brewers 7 .	MILWAUKEE 7 , PITTSBURGH 6