Dodgers - Top 1st . Bailey pitching for Reds . Furcal singled to center . Kemp struck out swinging , Furcal stole second . Ethier walked . Ramirez flied out to right . Loney walked , Furcal to third , Ethier to second . Blake doubled to deep left center , Furcal , Ethier and Loney scored . DeWitt grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 1st . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Stubbs grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Votto flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Bailey pitching for Reds . Martin grounded out to second . Billingsley struck out looking . Furcal grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 2nd . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Phillips homered to left ( 374 feet ) . Rolen singled to left . Bruce tripled to deep right , Rolen scored . Gomes singled to center , Bruce scored . Hernandez singled to center , Gomes to third . Bailey sacrificed to first , Gomes scored , Hernandez to second , Bailey safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Billingsley . Hernandez to third on throwing error by pitcher Billingsley . Stubbs struck out swinging . Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to right , Hernandez scored , Bailey to third . Votto singled to center , Bailey scored . Phillips struck out looking . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Bailey pitching for Reds . Kemp reached on infield single to shortstop . Kemp caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Ethier grounded out to shortstop . Ramirez walked . Loney grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 3rd . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Rolen doubled to deep left center . Bruce grounded out to first , Rolen to third . Gomes hit sacrifice fly to center , Rolen scored . Hernandez flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Bailey pitching for Reds . Blake struck out swinging . DeWitt reached on infield single to third . Martin flied out to center . Johnson popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 4th . Ortiz pitching for Dodgers . Bailey reached on infield single to shortstop . Stubbs grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Bailey out at second . Cabrera popped out to first . Stubbs stole second . Stubbs safe at third on throwing error by catcher Martin . Votto homered to right ( 395 feet ) ,   Stubbs scored . Phillips fouled out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 5th . Bailey pitching for Reds . Furcal flied out to left . Kemp struck out looking . Ethier lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 5th . Ortiz pitching for Dodgers . Rolen singled to left . Bruce grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Rolen out at second . Gomes grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Bailey pitching for Reds . Ramirez doubled to deep right . Loney struck out looking . Blake tripled to deep left , Ramirez scored . DeWitt singled to left , Blake scored . Martin singled to right , DeWitt to second . Anderson lined out to center . Furcal grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Martin out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 6th . Link pitching for Dodgers . Hernandez grounded out to second . Cairo grounded out to shortstop . Stubbs flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Ondrusek pitching for Reds . Kemp flied out to right . Ethier singled to right center . Ramirez walked , Ethier to second . Ethier to third , Ramirez to second on wild pitch by Rhodes . Loney struck out swinging . Blake struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 7th . Link pitching for Dodgers . Cabrera grounded out to third . Votto walked . Votto caught stealing second , catcher to second . Phillips flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Rhodes pitching for Reds . DeWitt grounded out to shortstop . Martin singled to center . Belliard doubled to deep left , Martin to third . Furcal singled to center , Martin scored , Belliard to third . Furcal stole second . Kemp homered to right ( 405 feet ) , Belliard and Furcal scored . Ethier struck out swinging . Ramirez walked . Loney lined out to right . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 8th . Troncoso pitching for Dodgers . Rolen flied out to center . Bruce walked . Gomes flied out to center . Hernandez walked , Bruce to second . Janish singled to left , Bruce and Hernandez scored , Janish to second . Stubbs struck out looking . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Cordero pitching for Reds . Blake flied out to right . DeWitt struck out looking . Martin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 9 - Reds 11 .	Reds blow 6 - run lead but rally to beat Dodgers