Dodgers - Top 1st . Harang pitching for Reds . Furcal lined out to second . Kemp walked . Ethier grounded out to second , Kemp to second . Ramirez singled to left , Kemp scored . Loney grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 1st . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Dickerson flied out to left . Cabrera walked . Votto homered to center ( 416 feet ) , Cabrera scored . Phillips popped out to second . Rolen homered to left ( 372 feet ) . Bruce struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Harang pitching for Reds . Blake grounded out to shortstop . DeWitt singled to right . Martin singled to center , DeWitt to third . Martin to second on passed ball by Hernandez . Kuroda struck out swinging . Furcal doubled to deep left , DeWitt and Martin scored . Furcal to third on wild pitch by Harang . Kemp grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 2nd . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Gomes grounded out to shortstop . Hernandez struck out looking . Harang struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Harang pitching for Reds . Ethier homered to right ( 425 feet ) . Ramirez singled to right center . Loney grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ramirez out at second . Blake grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 3rd . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Dickerson grounded out to first . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Votto grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Harang pitching for Reds . DeWitt popped out to shortstop . Martin grounded out to shortstop . Kuroda struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 4th . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Phillips grounded out to shortstop . Rolen singled to center . Bruce safe at first on error by second baseman DeWitt , Rolen to third . Gomes popped out to shortstop . Hernandez walked , Bruce to second . Harang singled to right , Rolen scored , Bruce to third , Hernandez to second . Dickerson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 5th . Harang pitching for Reds . Furcal walked . Kemp flied out to center . Ethier singled to right , Furcal to third . Ramirez singled to right center , Furcal scored , Ethier to second . Loney fouled out to third . Blake grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 5th . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Cabrera fouled out to first . Votto singled to center . Phillips singled to right , Votto thrown out at third . Rolen flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Harang pitching for Reds . DeWitt flied out to center . Martin reached on infield single to shortstop . Kuroda sacrificed to first , Martin to second . Furcal singled to left , Martin scored , Furcal to second advancing on throw . Owings pitching for Reds . Furcal stole third . Kemp walked . Ethier reached on infield single to second , Furcal scored , Kemp to second . Ramirez walked , Kemp to third , Ethier to second . Herrera pitching for Reds . Loney singled to right , Kemp and Ethier scored , Ramirez to third . Blake struck out looking . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 6th . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Bruce reached on bunt single to third . Gomes flied out to right . Hernandez popped out to second . Cairo safe at first on error by shortstop Furcal , Bruce to third . Stubbs hit for Dickerson . Stubbs walked , Cairo to second . Cabrera singled to left , Bruce and Cairo scored , Stubbs to second . Votto flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 7th . Ondrusek pitching for Reds . DeWitt flied out to center . Martin grounded out to shortstop . Carroll walked . Carroll to second on wild pitch by Ondrusek . Furcal tripled to deep right , Carroll scored . Kemp homered to right ( 369 feet ) , Furcal scored . Ethier grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 7th . Belisario pitching for Dodgers . Phillips flied out to right . Rolen grounded out to shortstop . Bruce grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Ondrusek pitching for Reds . Ramirez grounded out to first . Loney doubled to right . Blake singled to center , Loney scored . Anderson flied out to right . Martin struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 8th . Weaver pitching for Dodgers . Gomes batting . Monasterios pitching for Dodgers . Monasterios pitching for Dodgers . Hernandez singled to left . Nix hit for Ondrusek . Nix grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Hernandez out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Lincoln pitching for Reds . Carroll struck out swinging . Furcal grounded out to second . Kemp hit by pitch . Ethier walked , Kemp to second . Johnson singled to center , Kemp scored , Ethier to second . Loney reached on infield single to shortstop , Ethier to third , Johnson to second . Blake grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Loney out at second , Johnson to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 9th . Monasterios pitching for Dodgers . Stubbs struck out swinging . Cabrera flied out to center . Votto walked . Phillips grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Votto out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 14 - Reds 6 .	Furcal drives in 4 to lead Dodgers past Reds