Astros - Top 1st . Quintana pitching for Angels . Altuve singled to shallow left . Gurriel singled to right , Altuve to second . Bregman singled to left , Altuve scored , Gurriel to second . Alvarez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bregman out at second , Gurriel to third . Correa singled to left , Gurriel scored , Alvarez to second . Tucker grounded out to first , Correa to second , Alvarez to third . Díaz struck out , Alvarez scored , Díaz to first on wild pitch by Quintana , Correa to third . Straw grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Díaz out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Garcia pitching for Astros . Fletcher flied out to center . Walsh lined out to right . Trout walked . Rendon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Quintana pitching for Angels . Maldonado struck out looking . Altuve flied out to left . Gurriel walked . Bregman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Garcia pitching for Astros . Upton grounded out to third . Pujols lined out to third . Iglesias flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Quintana pitching for Angels . Alvarez grounded out to shortstop . Correa struck out swinging . Tucker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Garcia pitching for Astros . Suzuki walked . Fowler flied out to left . Fletcher flied out to center . Walsh grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Quintana pitching for Angels . Díaz walked . Straw walked , Díaz to second . Maldonado bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Straw to second , Díaz out at third . Altuve singled to right , Straw scored , Maldonado to second . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Gurriel walked , Altuve to second , Maldonado to third . Bregman struck out looking . Alvarez flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Garcia pitching for Astros . Trout homered to left ( 417 feet ) . Rendon singled to right . Upton singled to right , Rendon to second . Pujols popped out to second . Iglesias singled to center , Rendon scored , Upton to second . Suzuki walked , Iglesias to second , Upton to third . Stanek pitching for Astros . Fowler struck out swinging . Fletcher lined out to left . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Correa doubled to left . Tucker struck out looking . Díaz grounded out to shortstop . Straw grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Raley pitching for Astros . Walsh singled to left . Trout struck out looking . Rendon walked , Walsh to second . Upton singled to left , Walsh scored , Rendon to second . Pujols lined out to left . Iglesias lined out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Maldonado walked . Altuve struck out swinging . Gurriel flied out to center . Bregman singled to right , Maldonado to second . Alvarez singled to right , Maldonado scored , Bregman to third . Correa grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Alvarez out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Abreu pitching for Astros . Suzuki flied out to center . Fowler flied out to left . Fletcher flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Claudio pitching for Angels . Tucker flied out to left . Díaz grounded out to second . Straw reached on infield single to third . Cishek pitching for Angels . Straw to second on balk . Maldonado grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . McCormick in left field . Abreu pitching for Astros . Walsh grounded out to first . Trout singled to left . Rendon popped out to first . Upton grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Cishek pitching for Angels . Altuve struck out swinging . Gurriel singled to left . Bregman grounded out to shortstop , Gurriel to second . Watson pitching for Angels . Alvarez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Smith pitching for Astros . Pujols singled to right . Iglesias singled to center , Pujols to second . Ohtani hit for Suzuki . Ohtani hit by pitch , Iglesias to second , Pujols to third . Taylor pitching for Astros . Fowler reached on infield single to third , Pujols scored , Ohtani to second , Iglesias to third . Fletcher grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Iglesias scored , Fowler out at second , Ohtani to third . Walsh grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Ohtani scored , Fletcher to second , Walsh second , Fletcher safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Gurriel . Trout intentionally walked . Rendon hit sacrifice fly to left , Fletcher scored . Upton flied out to right . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Top 9th . Stassi catching . Mayers pitching for Angels . Correa grounded out to shortstop . Tucker homered to center ( 434 feet ) . McCormick flied out to right . García hit for Straw . García fouled out to catcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 6 - Angels 7 .	Trout homers , Angels rally in 8th to hand Astros first loss