Mariners - Top 1st . Urquidy pitching for Astros . Haniger grounded out to shortstop . France singled to right center . Seager singled to right , France to third . Lewis fouled out to first . White popped out to catcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Sheffield pitching for Mariners . Altuve singled to center . Brantley lined out to left . Bregman flied out to right . Altuve stole second . Alvarez doubled to deep right , Altuve scored . Gurriel singled to shallow left , Alvarez scored , Gurriel to second . Correa flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Urquidy pitching for Astros . Trammell struck out swinging . Moore hit by pitch . Torrens grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Moore out at second . Crawford reached on infield single to third , Torrens to second . Haniger flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Sheffield pitching for Mariners . Tucker struck out looking . Straw singled to left center . Maldonado struck out swinging . Straw stole second . Straw to third on wild pitch by Sheffield . Altuve struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Urquidy pitching for Astros . France flied out to right . Seager grounded out to shortstop . Lewis homered to center ( 429 feet ) . White flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Sheffield pitching for Mariners . Brantley reached on infield single to shortstop . Bregman grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Brantley out at second . Alvarez singled to center . Gurriel grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Urquidy pitching for Astros . Trammell struck out swinging . Moore flied out to right . Torrens lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Sheffield pitching for Mariners . Correa singled to right . Tucker walked , Correa to second . Straw bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Tucker out at second , Correa to third . Maldonado flied out to right , Straw to second . Altuve singled to left , Correa scored and Straw scored . Brantley grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Urquidy pitching for Astros . Crawford flied out to right . Haniger flied out to center . France lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Sheffield pitching for Mariners . Bregman reached on infield single to pitcher . Alvarez struck out looking . Gurriel singled to left , Bregman to second . Correa grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gurriel safe at second on fielding error by third baseman Seager , Bregman to third . Tucker hit sacrifice fly to left , Bregman scored . Straw grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 6th . Urquidy pitching for Astros . Seager homered to right center ( 416 feet ) . Lewis grounded out to shortstop . White popped out to first . Trammell lined out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Sheffield pitching for Mariners . Maldonado grounded out to third . Altuve singled to deep left . Brantley singled to right , Altuve to second . Vest pitching for Mariners . Altuve caught stealing third , catcher to third , Brantley to second . Bregman struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Abreu pitching for Astros . Moore popped out to first . Torrens struck out swinging . Crawford struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Dugger pitching for Mariners . Alvarez singled to center . Gurriel singled to center , Alvarez to second . Correa grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gurriel out at second , Alvarez to third . Tucker flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Stanek pitching for Astros . Haniger struck out swinging . France singled to left . Seager flied out to left . Lewis walked , France to second . White lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Dugger pitching for Mariners . Straw lined out to left . Maldonado grounded out to second . Altuve grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Pressly pitching for Astros . Trammell singled to right . Haggerty hit for Moore . Haggerty grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Trammell out at second . Marmolejos hit for Torrens . Marmolejos struck out swinging . Crawford grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 2 - Astros 5 .	Altuve helps Astros beat Mariners 5 - 2 after COVID-19 bout