Angels - Top 1st . Valdez pitching for Astros . Fletcher grounded out to third . Ohtani homered to right ( 368 feet ) . Gosselin flied out to center . Adell flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Ohtani pitching for Angels . Altuve singled to right . Brantley lined out to right . Bregman singled to left , Altuve to second . Alvarez flied out to right . Correa grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bregman out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Valdez pitching for Astros . Mayfield grounded out to first . Walsh homered to right center ( 411 feet ) . Suzuki struck out swinging . Marsh struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Ohtani pitching for Angels . Tucker singled to right center . Díaz grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Tucker out at second . McCormick struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Valdez pitching for Astros . Lagares struck out swinging . Fletcher lined out to second . Ohtani walked . Ohtani to second on balk . Gosselin walked . Adell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Ohtani pitching for Angels . Maldonado grounded out to third . Altuve doubled to left . Brantley flied out to center . Bregman singled to center , Altuve scored . Alvarez doubled to deep right center , Bregman scored . Correa singled to right center , Alvarez scored . Tucker grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Valdez pitching for Astros . Mayfield safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Bregman . Walsh doubled to right , Mayfield to third . Suzuki singled to right center , Mayfield scored , Walsh to third . Marsh grounded out to shortstop , Walsh scored , Suzuki to second . Lagares walked . Fletcher grounded out to shortstop , Lagares to second , Suzuki to third . Ohtani intentionally walked . Gosselin struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Bottom 4th . Ohtani pitching for Angels . Díaz hit by pitch . McCormick singled to left center , Díaz to second . McCormick to second on wild pitch by Ohtani , Díaz to third on wild pitch by Ohtani . Maldonado popped out to first . Altuve singled to left , Díaz scored , McCormick to third . Wantz pitching for Angels . Brantley popped out to third . Bregman doubled to left , Altuve scored and McCormick scored . Alvarez walked . Correa reached on infield single to third , Alvarez to second , Bregman to third . Tucker reached first base on catcher 's interference , Bregman to home on error , Tucker to first on error by catcher Suzuki , Correa to second on error , Alvarez to third on error . Díaz singled to right center , Alvarez scored and Correa scored , Tucker to third . McCormick popped out to second . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 5th . Valdez pitching for Astros . Adell tripled to deep left center , Adell scored on throwing error by left fielder Alvarez . Mayfield safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Correa . Walsh walked , Mayfield to second . Suzuki lined into double play , shortstop to second , Mayfield doubled off second . Marsh singled to shallow center , Marsh to second , Walsh to second , Walsh safe at third on fielding error by center fielder McCormick . Lagares struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 3 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Ortega pitching for Angels . Maldonado singled to center . Altuve flied out to center . Brantley singled to left , Maldonado to second . Bregman grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Brantley out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Maton pitching for Astros . Fletcher lined out to second . Rengifo hit for Ortega . Rengifo singled to right . Gosselin flied out to right . Adell grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Rengifo at shortstop . Herget pitching for Angels . Adell in right field . Mayfield at third base . Herget pitching for Angels . Alvarez walked . Correa singled to left , Alvarez to second . Tucker struck out swinging . Díaz flied out to second . McCormick struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Raley pitching for Astros . Mayfield lined out to left . Walsh grounded out to first . Suzuki struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Petricka pitching for Angels . Maldonado struck out looking . Altuve hit by pitch . Brantley singled to right , Altuve to third . Bregman hit sacrifice fly to left , Altuve scored . Alvarez walked , Brantley to second . Correa grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Alvarez out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Raley pitching for Astros . Marsh struck out looking . Wong hit for Petricka . Wong grounded out to second . Fletcher grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Tyler pitching for Angels . Tucker flied out to center . Díaz flied out to center . McCormick flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Stanek pitching for Astros . Rengifo singled to center . Gosselin struck out looking . Adell lined out to third . Mayfield struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 5 - Astros 10 .	Ohtani hits 44th HR , but Astros tag him in win over Angels