Nationals - Top 1st . Davies pitching for Cubs . Turner grounded out to second . Soto lined out to center . Zimmerman singled to shallow right . Schwarber walked , Zimmerman to second . Castro lined out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 1st . Corbin pitching for Nationals . Contreras grounded out to second . Bryant singled to center . Rizzo grounded into double play , shortstop to third to first , Bryant out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Davies pitching for Cubs . Harrison grounded out to shortstop . Gomes lined out to right . Corbin reached on infield single to second . Robles grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Corbin out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 2nd . Corbin pitching for Nationals . Báez grounded out to pitcher . Duffy singled to right center . Happ grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Duffy out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Davies pitching for Cubs . Turner popped out to first . Soto grounded out to pitcher . Zimmerman struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 3rd . Corbin pitching for Nationals . Bote reached on infield single to third . Hoerner reached on infield single to shortstop , Bote to second . Davies sacrificed to pitcher , Hoerner to second , Bote to third . Contreras singled to shallow right , Bote scored and Hoerner scored . Contreras caught stealing second , catcher to second . Bryant walked . Rizzo grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Davies pitching for Cubs . Schwarber safe at first on fielding error by first baseman Rizzo . Castro flied out to center . Harrison grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Schwarber out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Bottom 4th . Corbin pitching for Nationals . Báez grounded out to second . Duffy struck out swinging . Happ walked . Bote struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Bryant at first base . Heyward in right field . Davies pitching for Cubs . Gomes hit by pitch . Corbin sacrificed to third , Gomes to second . Robles lined out to third . Turner singled to center , Gomes scored . Soto singled to center , Turner to second . Zimmerman singled to center . Schwarber sacrificed to first , Turner to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 5th . Corbin pitching for Nationals . Hoerner singled to center . Davies sacrificed to first , Hoerner to second . Contreras singled to center , Hoerner to third . Bryant reached on infield single to shortstop , Hoerner scored , Contreras to second . Heyward struck out looking . Báez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Davies pitching for Cubs . Castro homered to center ( 433 feet ) . Harrison singled to center . Thompson pitching for Cubs . Harrison to second on wild pitch by Thompson . Gomes lined out to shortstop . Keegan Thompson pitches to Yan Gomes . Hernández hit for Corbin . Hernández struck out swinging . Robles struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 6th . Harris pitching for Nationals . Duffy walked . Happ struck out looking . Bote homered to center ( 407 feet ) , Duffy scored . Hoerner struck out looking . Thompson singled to center . Contreras safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Turner , Thompson safe at third on error . Rainey pitching for Nationals . Bryant flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Thompson pitching for Cubs . Turner struck out swinging . Soto doubled to shallow left . Steele pitching for Cubs . Zimmerman walked . Schwarber struck out swinging . Voth pitching for Cubs . Castro grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 7th . Voth pitching for Nationals . Heyward grounded out to pitcher . Duffy caught stealing second , catcher to second . Báez singled to center . Báez caught stealing second , catcher to second . Duffy grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Winkler pitching for Cubs . Harrison grounded out to second . Gomes flied out to center . Bell hit for Voth . Bell reached on infield single to first , Harrison to second . Robles hit by pitch , Bell to second . Suero pitching for Cubs . Turner grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 8th . Suero pitching for Nationals . Happ homered to center ( 369 feet ) . Bote struck out swinging . Hoerner singled to left . Pederson hit for Winkler . Pederson flied out to left . Contreras struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Kimbrel pitching for Cubs . Soto grounded out to shortstop . Zimmerman struck out , Zimmerman to first on wild pitch by Kimbrel . Schwarber struck out swinging . Zimmerman to second on fielder 's indifference . Castro grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 3 - Cubs 6 .	Bote , Happ homer as Cubs beat Nationals 6 - 3