Phillies - Top 1st . Arrieta pitching for Cubs . Segura hit ground rule double to deep left . Realmuto hit by pitch . Harper reached on infield single to first , Realmuto to second , Segura to third . McCutchen homered to right center ( 390 feet ) , Segura scored , Realmuto scored and Harper scored . Hoskins struck out swinging . Gregorius struck out swinging . Bohm grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 1st . Nola pitching for Phillies . Pederson flied out to left . Bryant flied out to right . Báez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Arrieta pitching for Cubs . Jankowski walked . Nola struck out looking . Jankowski stole second . Segura singled to left , Jankowski scored on fielding error by left fielder Pederson , Segura to second . Realmuto walked . Harper singled to left , Realmuto to second , Segura to third . McCutchen struck out looking . Hoskins doubled to center , Segura scored and Realmuto scored , Harper to third . Brothers pitching for Cubs . Gregorius flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Bottom 2nd . Nola pitching for Phillies . Rizzo struck out swinging . Contreras walked . Heyward flied out to right . Happ grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Brothers pitching for Cubs . Bohm struck out swinging . Jankowski grounded out to pitcher . Nola grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 3rd . Nola pitching for Phillies . Alcántara singled to right . Ortega hit for Brothers . Ortega singled to right , Alcántara to second . Pederson doubled to deep right , Alcántara scored , Ortega to third . Bryant singled to left , Ortega scored , Pederson to third . Báez hit sacrifice fly to center , Pederson scored . Rizzo struck out swinging . Contreras struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Williams pitching for Cubs . Segura singled to shallow right center . Realmuto walked , Segura to second . Harper hit ground rule double to right , Segura scored , Realmuto to third . McCutchen grounded out to shortstop . Hoskins hit sacrifice fly to right , Realmuto scored , Harper to third . Gregorius flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 4th . Nola pitching for Phillies . Heyward struck out swinging . Happ struck out swinging . Alcántara struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Williams pitching for Cubs . Bohm grounded out to second . Jankowski singled to right . Nola struck out bunting foul . Segura grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jankowski out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 5th . Nola pitching for Phillies . Williams lined out to center . Pederson flied out to right . Bryant struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Williams pitching for Cubs . Realmuto grounded out to shortstop . Harper grounded out to second . McCutchen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 6th . Nola pitching for Phillies . Báez homered to left center ( 422 feet ) . Rizzo struck out swinging . Contreras singled to center . Heyward flied out to left . Happ grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Williams pitching for Cubs . Hoskins homered to left ( 418 feet ) . Gregorius grounded out to second . Bohm safe at first on fielding error by shortstop Báez . Jankowski reached first base on catcher 's interference , Jankowski to first on error by catcher Contreras , Bohm to second on error . Miller hit for Nola . Miller singled to right , Jankowski to second , Bohm to third . Segura singled to left , Bohm scored and Jankowski scored , Miller to second . Realmuto struck out swinging . Winkler pitching for Cubs . Harper homered to right ( 394 feet ) , Miller scored and Segura scored . McCutchen grounded out to second . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 7th . Falter pitching for Phillies . Williams in left field . Alcántara struck out swinging . Marisnick hit for Winkler . Marisnick doubled to left . Pederson singled to right , Marisnick scored , Pederson to second . Bryant lined out to right . Báez homered to center ( 408 feet ) , Pederson scored . Rizzo hit by pitch . Contreras flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Wisdom at first base . Wieck pitching for Cubs . Happ in left field . Marisnick in center field . Hoskins doubled to left center . Gregorius struck out looking . Bohm struck out looking . Jankowski struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 8th . Falter pitching for Phillies . Heyward singled to center . Happ doubled to left , Heyward scored . Alcántara flied out to center , Happ to third . Marisnick hit sacrifice fly to center , Happ scored . Wisdom singled to right center . Neris pitching for Phillies . Bryant lined out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Wieck pitching for Cubs . Williams singled to center . Segura flied out to right . Realmuto struck out swinging . Harper singled to center , Williams to third . Torreyes hit for Neris . Torreyes walked , Harper to second . Hoskins flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 9th . De Los Santos pitching for Phillies . Báez struck out swinging . Chirinos hit for Wieck . Chirinos homered to center ( 444 feet ) . Contreras struck out swinging . Heyward singled to right . Happ struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 15 - Cubs 10 .	Harper leads way as Phillies hand Cubs 11th straight loss