Cubs - Top 1st . Bedrosian pitching for Phillies . Ortega struck out swinging . Schwindel grounded out to first . Happ flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Hendricks pitching for Cubs . Herrera struck out swinging . Segura singled to right . Harper walked , Segura to second . Realmuto grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Harper out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 2nd . Bedrosian pitching for Phillies . Contreras struck out swinging . Wisdom walked . Moore pitching for Phillies . Rivas singled to left , Wisdom to second . Duffy grounded into double play , third to second to first , Rivas out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Hendricks pitching for Cubs . Gregorius fouled out to catcher . McCutchen popped out to second . Miller grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 3rd . Moore pitching for Phillies . Alcántara walked . Hendricks sacrificed to pitcher , Alcántara to second . Ortega walked . Hammer pitching for Phillies . Schwindel walked , Ortega to second , Alcántara to third . Happ hit by pitch , Alcántara scored , Schwindel to second , Ortega to third . Contreras singled to center , Ortega scored , Happ to second , Schwindel to third . Wisdom doubled to deep center , Schwindel scored and Happ scored , Contreras to third . Rivas struck out swinging . Duffy homered to left ( 377 feet ) , Contreras scored and Wisdom scored . Alcántara singled to center . Rosso pitching for Phillies . Hendricks singled to left , Alcántara to second . Ortega grounded out to pitcher . 7 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Hendricks pitching for Cubs . Galvis doubled to deep right . Rosso sacrificed to pitcher , Galvis to third . Herrera grounded out to pitcher . Segura lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 4th . Rosso pitching for Phillies . Schwindel singled to center . Happ walked , Schwindel to second . Contreras grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Happ out at second , Schwindel to third . Wisdom grounded into double play , third to second to first , Contreras out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Hendricks pitching for Cubs . Harper doubled to deep left . Realmuto hit by pitch . Gregorius grounded out to second , Realmuto to second , Harper to third . McCutchen doubled to deep right , Harper scored and Realmuto scored . Miller reached on infield single to shortstop , McCutchen to third . Galvis hit by pitch , Miller to second . Joyce hit for Rosso . Joyce walked , McCutchen scored , Galvis to second , Miller to third . Herrera singled to left , Miller scored , Joyce to second , Galvis to third . Segura grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Galvis scored , Herrera out at second , Joyce to third . Harper walked , Segura to second . Rucker pitching for Cubs . Realmuto singled to center , Joyce scored and Segura scored , Harper to second . Gregorius flied out to center . 7 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 5th . Falter pitching for Phillies . Rivas flied out to left . Duffy lined out to left . Alcántara popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Rucker pitching for Cubs . McCutchen flied out to center . Miller struck out swinging . Galvis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 6th . Neris pitching for Phillies . Bote hit for Rucker . Vierling at first base . Bote struck out swinging . Ortega grounded out to pitcher . Schwindel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Rodríguez pitching for Cubs . Vierling singled to center . Herrera safe at first on fielding error by pitcher Rodríguez , Vierling to second . Segura grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Herrera to second , Vierling out at third . Harper doubled to left , Herrera scored , Segura to third . Realmuto struck out swinging . Gregorius singled to left , Segura scored and Harper scored , Gregorius to second . Nance pitching for Cubs . McCutchen grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 7th . Neris pitching for Phillies . Happ grounded out to second . Contreras homered to center ( 434 feet ) . Wisdom struck out swinging . Rivas struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Moniak hit for Neris . Nance pitching for Cubs . Moniak grounded out to shortstop . Galvis walked . Vierling singled to center , Galvis to second . Herrera doubled to left , Vierling scored and Galvis scored . Segura singled to right , Herrera to third . Brothers pitching for Cubs . Harper homered to right ( 432 feet ) , Herrera scored and Segura scored . Realmuto struck out looking . Gregorius flied out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . Medina pitching for Phillies . Knapp catching . Duffy fouled out to first . Alcántara lined out to center . Martini hit for Brothers . Martini singled to center . Ortega popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Maples pitching for Cubs . Thompson in center field . Romine catching . Martini in left field . McCutchen doubled to right . Knapp walked . Galvis struck out swinging . Vierling grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Knapp out at second , McCutchen to third . Herrera walked , Vierling to second . Segura singled to center , McCutchen scored and Vierling scored , Herrera to second . Harper struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 9th . Torreyes at third base . Galvis at first base . Vierling in right field . Medina pitching for Phillies . Schwindel singled to center . Thompson walked , Schwindel to second . Romine grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Thompson out at second , Schwindel to third . Wisdom grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 8 - Phillies 17 .	Harper homers , rallies Phils from 7 down in 17 - 8 win vs Cubs