Devil Rays - Top 1st . Ainsworth pitching for Orioles . Crawford lined out to shortstop . Baldelli bunt grounded out to pitcher . Huff grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Roberts flied out to center . Mora flied out to right . Tejada grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Ainsworth pitching for Orioles . Fick singled to left . Cruz sacrificed to third , Fick to second . Martinez walked . Fick to third on wild pitch by Ainsworth . Lugo singled to right , Fick scored , Martinez to second , Martinez to third , Lugo to second on error by right fielder Gibbons . Hall singled to center , Martinez and Lugo scored . Blum struck out swinging . Hall caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Palmeiro flied out to right . Lopez struck out swinging . Gibbons flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . Ainsworth pitching for Orioles . Crawford grounded out to shortstop . Baldelli struck out swinging . Huff singled to left . Fick grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Segui struck out looking . Matos struck out swinging . Bigbie flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 4th . Ainsworth pitching for Orioles . Cruz grounded out to second . Martinez walked . Lugo grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Martinez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Roberts singled to right . Mora reached on bunt single to pitcher , Roberts to second , Roberts to third , Mora to second on throwing error by pitcher Moss . Tejada singled to center , Roberts and Mora scored , Tejada to second on throwing error by center fielder Baldelli . Palmeiro walked . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Palmeiro out at second , Tejada to third . Gibbons grounded out to second , Tejada scored , Lopez to second . Sosa pitching for Devil Rays . Segui singled to center , Lopez scored . Matos struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 5th . Ainsworth pitching for Orioles . Hall lined out to left . Blum lined out to right . Crawford grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Sosa pitching for Devil Rays . Bigbie walked . Roberts flied out to left . Mora struck out swinging . Bigbie stole second . Tejada grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Ainsworth pitching for Orioles . Baldelli singled to right center . Baldelli to second on wild pitch by Ainsworth . Huff doubled to deep left center , Baldelli scored . Fick homered to right , Huff scored . Parrish pitching for Orioles . Cruz fouled out to first . Martinez flied out to right . Lugo grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Sosa pitching for Devil Rays . Palmeiro homered to right . Miller pitching for Devil Rays . Lopez lined out to right . Gibbons struck out swinging . Segui lined out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Parrish pitching for Orioles . Hall grounded out to second . Blum flied out to left . Crawford struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Miller pitching for Devil Rays . Matos grounded out to shortstop . Bigbie flied out to left . Gaudin pitching for Devil Rays . Roberts doubled to shallow right . Mora doubled to left , Roberts scored . Tejada singled to right , Mora scored , Tejada to second advancing on throw . Palmeiro intentionally walked . Ryan pitching for Orioles . Lopez grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Ryan pitching for Orioles . Baldelli walked . Perez hit for Fick . Huff struck out swinging . Perez safe at second on error by center fielder Matos , Baldelli to third . Cruz intentionally walked . Martinez struck out swinging . Halama pitching for Devil Rays . Lugo grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Halama pitching for Devil Rays . Gibbons flied out to center . Raines Jr ran for Segui . Segui walked . Matos reached on infield single to shortstop , Raines Jr to second . Raines Jr to third , Matos to second on wild pitch by Halama . Bigbie struck out swinging . Julio pitching for Orioles . Roberts grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Julio pitching for Orioles . Hall struck out looking . Blum grounded out to first . Crawford grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 6 - Orioles 7 .	Palmeiro HR ignites Orioles comeback in win