Rangers - Top 1st . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Young homered to left center . Blalock flied out to left . Soriano grounded out to shortstop . Perry grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 1st . Dickey pitching for Rangers . Crawford doubled to left . Lugo reached on bunt single to second , Crawford to third . Huff batting . Baldelli singled to left . Martinez doubled to deep right , Baldelli scored . Cruz singled to left center , Martinez scored , Cruz to second advancing on throw . Blum flied out to center . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Jordan grounded out to first . Young grounded out to shortstop . Mench flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd . Dickey pitching for Rangers . Fordyce walked . Rolls singled to right , Fordyce to second . Crawford sacrificed to pitcher , Fordyce to third , Rolls to second . Lugo flied out to left . Huff flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Teixeira doubled to left . Laird singled to right , Teixeira to third . Young singled to center , Teixeira scored , Laird to second . Blalock grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Young out at second , Laird to third . Soriano grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Laird scored , Blalock out at second . Perry grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Soriano out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd . Dickey pitching for Rangers . Baldelli flied out to right . Martinez singled to right . Cruz grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Martinez out at second . Cruz stole second . Blum flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Jordan flied out to center . Young popped out to first . Mench singled to left . Teixeira singled to right , Mench to third . Laird flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 4th . Dickey pitching for Rangers . Fordyce grounded out to third . Rolls safe at first on error by third baseman Blalock . Crawford flied out to left . Rolls stole second . Lugo grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 5th . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Young grounded out to second . Blalock grounded out to second . Soriano walked . Soriano stole second . Perry walked . Jordan flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 5th . Dickey pitching for Rangers . Huff lined out to center . Baldelli fouled out to second . Martinez struck out swinging , Martinez safe at first on passed ball by Laird . Cruz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Young flied out to right . Mench grounded out to shortstop . Teixeira safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Rolls . Laird flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Bottom 6th . Dickey pitching for Rangers . Blum doubled to left . Fordyce struck out swinging . Rolls reached on infield single to shortstop , Blum to third . Crawford singled to right , Blum scored , Rolls to second . Ramirez pitching for Rangers . Lugo hit ground rule double to deep center , Rolls scored , Crawford to third . Huff grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Crawford out at home , Lugo to third . Baldelli flied out to center . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Young singled to right . Sosa pitching for Devil Rays . Blalock hit by pitch , Young to second . Soriano struck out swinging . Perry flied out to center , Young to third . Jordan fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 7th . Ramirez pitching for Rangers . Martinez flied out to right . Cruz flied out to center . Blum struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Sosa pitching for Devil Rays . Young flied out to center . Mench doubled to deep left . Fullmer hit for Laird . Baez pitching for Devil Rays . Teixeira grounded out to second , Mench to third . Barajas catching . Powell pitching for Rangers . Fullmer grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 8th . Powell pitching for Rangers . Fordyce grounded out to third . Rolls singled to right . Crawford reached on infield single to shortstop , Rolls to second , Rolls to third , Crawford to second on throwing error by shortstop Young . Lugo hit sacrifice fly to right , Rolls scored , Crawford to third . Huff flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 9th . Baez pitching for Devil Rays . Young grounded out to shortstop . Blalock flied out to left . Soriano struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 3 - Devil Rays 6 .	Crawford , Rays snap seven - game losing skid