Giants - Top 1st . Waechter pitching for Devil Rays . Tucker walked . Perez flied out to center . Grissom singled to center , Tucker to second , Tucker scored advancing on throw . Bonds walked , Grissom to second . Alfonzo reached on infield single to shortstop , Grissom scored , Bonds to second . Pierzynski lined into double play , second to first to shortstop , Bonds doubled off second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 1st . Williams pitching for Giants . Crawford grounded out to third . Cruz flied out to right . Huff flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Waechter pitching for Devil Rays . Feliz popped out to shortstop . Minor popped out to third . Linden singled to center . Tucker homered to right , Linden scored . Perez grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd . Williams pitching for Giants . Martinez grounded out to second . Fick grounded out to first . Brazelton pitching for Devil Rays . Lugo grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Brazelton pitching for Devil Rays . Grissom flied out to left . Bonds struck out swinging . Alfonzo fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd . Williams pitching for Giants . McGriff grounded out to second . Hall grounded out to third . Sanchez doubled to left . Crawford flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Brazelton pitching for Devil Rays . Pierzynski popped out to second . Feliz popped out to second . Minor popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 4th . Williams pitching for Giants . Cruz struck out swinging . Huff singled to center . Martinez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Huff out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Brazelton pitching for Devil Rays . Linden flied out to right . Tucker struck out swinging . Perez popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 5th . Williams pitching for Giants . Fick walked . Lugo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Fick out at second . Lugo stole second . McGriff grounded out to second , Lugo to third . Hall grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Brazelton pitching for Devil Rays . Grissom grounded out to shortstop . Bonds walked . Alfonzo flied out to center . Pierzynski walked , Bonds to second . Feliz grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bonds out at third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 6th . Williams pitching for Giants . Sanchez grounded out to shortstop . Crawford grounded out to first . Cruz singled to center . Huff grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Brazelton pitching for Devil Rays . Minor singled to right . Ransom hit for Linden . Ransom ran for Minor . Ransom caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Linden safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Lugo . Tucker grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Linden out at second . Perez walked , Tucker to second . Miller pitching for Devil Rays . Grissom singled to left , Tucker to third , Perez to second . Sosa pitching for Devil Rays . Bonds hit by pitch , Tucker scored , Perez to third , Grissom to second . Feliz at first base . Ransom at shortstop . Alfonzo flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Bottom 7th . Williams pitching for Giants . Martinez struck out swinging . Fick walked . Lugo flied out to center . McGriff grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Sosa pitching for Devil Rays . Pierzynski flied out to right . Feliz grounded out to shortstop . Ransom fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 8th . Williams pitching for Giants . Hall hit by pitch . Christiansen pitching for Giants . Sanchez singled to center , Hall to second . Crawford struck out swinging . Cruz walked , Hall to third , Sanchez to second . Huff grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hall scored , Cruz out at second , Sanchez to third . Carter pitching for Devil Rays . Martinez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Carter pitching for Devil Rays . Linden singled to right . Tucker singled to right , Linden to second . Perez sacrificed to pitcher , Linden to third , Tucker to second . Grissom singled to center , Linden scored , Tucker to third . Bonds singled to right , Tucker scored , Grissom to second . Mohr ran for Bonds . Alfonzo flied out to center , Grissom to third . Pierzynski walked , Mohr to second . Feliz popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 9th . Brower pitching for Giants . Fick struck out swinging . Lugo grounded out to third . McGriff doubled to deep center . Hall homered to left , McGriff scored . Sanchez flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 7 - Devil Rays 3 .	Williams , Tucker lead Giants past Devil Rays