Rockies - Top 1st . Gaudin pitching for Devil Rays . Miles singled to center . Miles caught stealing second , catcher to second . Clayton struck out swinging . Helton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 1st . Cook pitching for Rockies . Crawford grounded out to shortstop . Cruz fouled out to third . Baldelli flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Gaudin pitching for Devil Rays . Castilla struck out swinging . Burnitz flied out to center . Holliday struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd . Cook pitching for Rockies . Huff struck out swinging . Martinez grounded out to second . Lugo struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Gaudin pitching for Devil Rays . Johnson singled to center . Gonzalez flied out to left . Freeman singled to center , Johnson to second . Miles singled to right , Johnson to third , Freeman to second . Clayton hit sacrifice fly to center , Johnson scored , Freeman to third . Helton hit ground rule double to deep left , Freeman scored , Miles to third . Castilla flied out to left . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd . Cook pitching for Rockies . Fick homered to right . Hall grounded out to shortstop . Sanchez grounded out to shortstop . Crawford lined out to left . Cruz homered to right , Crawford scored . Baldelli reached on infield single to third . Huff flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Gaudin pitching for Devil Rays . Burnitz flied out to left . Holliday struck out looking . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 4th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Martinez flied out to center . Lugo grounded out to shortstop . Fick struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Gaudin pitching for Devil Rays . Gonzalez doubled to deep left . Freeman sacrificed to first , Gonzalez to third . Miles singled to right , Gonzalez scored . Carter pitching for Devil Rays . Clayton flied out to right . Helton singled to right center , Miles to third . Castilla grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Helton out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 5th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Hall popped out to second . Sanchez singled to center . Sanchez to second on wild pitch by Cook . Crawford tripled to right , Sanchez scored . Cruz doubled to right , Crawford scored . Baldelli grounded out to shortstop . Huff popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Sosa pitching for Devil Rays . Burnitz flied out to right . Holliday flied out to right . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 6th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Martinez grounded out to first . Lugo grounded out to shortstop . Fick singled to left center . Hall grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Fick out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Sosa pitching for Devil Rays . Gonzalez popped out to second . Freeman walked . Miles flied out to left . Miller pitching for Devil Rays . Clayton walked , Freeman to second . Helton doubled to deep center , Freeman and Clayton scored . Castilla intentionally walked . Harikkala pitching for Rockies . Burnitz grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 7th . Harikkala pitching for Rockies . Sanchez doubled to left . Crawford flied out to right , Sanchez to third . Cruz intentionally walked . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Baldelli walked , Cruz to second . Huff grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Sanchez scored , Baldelli out at second , Cruz to third . Martinez grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Holliday grounded out to first . Harper pitching for Devil Rays . Johnson struck out looking . Gonzalez singled to right . Gonzalez to second on wild pitch by Harper . Reed pitching for Rockies . Freeman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 8th . Reed pitching for Rockies . Lugo doubled to deep left . McGriff hit for Hall . Fick intentionally walked . Fordyce ran for McGriff . McGriff singled to right , Lugo to third , Fick to second . Sanchez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lugo out at home , Fick to third , Fordyce to second . Crawford grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Fick out at home , Fordyce to third , Sanchez to second . Fordyce catching . Baez pitching for Devil Rays . Cruz grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Crawford out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Sweeney hit for Clayton . Baez pitching for Devil Rays . Miles singled to center . Sweeney flied out to center . Helton homered to left , Miles scored . Castilla popped out to catcher . Hocking at shortstop . Chacon pitching for Rockies . Burnitz struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 9th . Chacon pitching for Rockies . Baldelli walked . Huff flied out to right . Bautista ran for Martinez . Martinez singled to center , Baldelli to third . Lugo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Baldelli scored , Bautista out at second . Huff at first base . Bautista at third base . Fick flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 10th . Baez pitching for Devil Rays . Holliday doubled to deep left center . Johnson popped out to second . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Holliday stole third . Freeman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 10th . Chacon pitching for Rockies . Fordyce grounded out to shortstop . Sanchez inside - the - park home run to deep right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 7 - Devil Rays 8 .	Inside job : Devil Rays outrun Rockies in 10