Devil Rays - Top 1st . Valdez pitching for Padres . Crawford singled to left center . Cruz flied out to right , Crawford to second . Crawford stole third . Baldelli singled to center , Crawford scored . Huff doubled to deep center , Baldelli scored . Martinez struck out swinging . Lugo grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays . Robinson struck out looking . Burroughs grounded out to pitcher . Loretta doubled to deep center . Giles singled to left , Loretta scored . Nevin struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Valdez pitching for Padres . Sanchez popped out to second . Fordyce grounded out to second . Zambrano bunt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays . Klesko walked . Greene doubled to deep left , Klesko scored , Greene to third advancing on throw . Ojeda hit sacrifice fly to center , Greene scored . Valdez struck out looking . Robinson grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . Valdez pitching for Padres . Crawford tripled to deep center . Cruz popped out to shortstop . Baldelli tripled to deep center , Crawford scored . Huff grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Baldelli out at home . Martinez flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays . Burroughs singled to right . Loretta hit by pitch , Burroughs to second . Giles grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Loretta out at second , Burroughs to third . Nevin safe at second on error by third baseman Huff , Burroughs scored , Giles to third . Klesko intentionally walked . Greene struck out swinging . Ojeda grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Nevin out at third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Top 4th . Valdez pitching for Padres . Lugo grounded out to second . Sanchez grounded out to second . Fordyce flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays . Valdez fouled out to right . Robinson flied out to center . Burroughs flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 5th . Valdez pitching for Padres . Zambrano struck out swinging . Crawford grounded out to first . Cruz flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays . Loretta doubled to deep right . Giles flied out to left . Nevin grounded out to shortstop , Loretta to third . Klesko intentionally walked . Greene struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Valdez pitching for Padres . Baldelli singled to left . Huff flied out to right . Martinez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Baldelli out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Long hit for Valdez . Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays . Ojeda struck out looking . Long grounded out to pitcher . Robinson reached on infield single to first . Robinson stole second . Linebrink pitching for Padres . Burroughs grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Linebrink pitching for Padres . Lugo doubled to left . Fick hit for Fordyce . Sanchez reached on infield single to shortstop , Lugo to third . McGriff hit for Zambrano . Fick struck out swinging . McGriff reached on infield single to pitcher , Lugo scored , Sanchez to second , Sanchez to third on throwing error by pitcher Linebrink . Gaudin ran for McGriff . Crawford singled to right , Sanchez scored , McGriff to second . Gaudin out at third on runner 's fielder 's choice . Cruz homered to center , Crawford scored . Hall catching . Harper pitching for Devil Rays . Baldelli struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 7th . Harper pitching for Devil Rays . Loretta flied out to left . Giles grounded out to second . Sweeney pitching for Padres . Nevin grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Sweeney pitching for Padres . Huff flied out to left . Martinez flied out to left . Lugo hit ground rule double to deep center . Sanchez singled to left , Lugo scored . Hall grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sanchez out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Harper pitching for Devil Rays . Klesko grounded out to second . Greene struck out swinging . Knott hit for Sweeney . Ojeda homered to left . Baez pitching for Devil Rays . Blum at second base . Knott doubled to left . Robinson singled to shallow center , Knott scored . Beck pitching for Padres . Burroughs flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Beck pitching for Padres . Blum singled to left . Crawford tripled to deep right center , Blum scored . Cruz grounded out to first . Baldelli popped out to third . Huff grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 9th . Baez pitching for Devil Rays . Loretta singled to left . Giles flied out to center . Nevin flied out to center . Loretta to second on fielder 's indifference . Klesko struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 9 - Padres 6 .	Ray of hope : Tampa Bay wins seventh straight