Devil Rays - Top 1st . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Crawford fouled out to third . Cruz grounded out to first . Baldelli grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Brazelton pitching for Devil Rays . Hairston doubled to deep center . Finley singled to right , Hairston scored . Bautista bunt popped out foul to catcher . Gonzalez doubled to right , Finley to third . Hillenbrand singled to center , Finley and Gonzalez scored . Tracy popped out to third . Olson walked , Hillenbrand to second . Brito fouled out to catcher . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Huff doubled to center . Martinez homered to right , Huff scored . Lugo walked . Sanchez singled to right , Lugo to third . Hall singled to left , Lugo scored , Sanchez to second . Brazelton popped out to shortstop . Crawford doubled to deep right , Sanchez scored , Hall to third . Good pitching for Diamondbacks . Cruz tripled to deep right center , Hall and Crawford scored . Baldelli singled to center , Cruz scored . Huff popped out to third . Martinez fouled out to first . 7 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Brazelton pitching for Devil Rays . Good grounded out to third . Hairston singled to left . Finley flied out to center . Bautista grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hairston out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . Good pitching for Diamondbacks . Lugo flied out to left . Sanchez flied out to left . Hall struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Brazelton pitching for Devil Rays . Gonzalez singled to center . Hillenbrand walked , Gonzalez to second . Tracy singled to left , Gonzalez scored , Hillenbrand to second . Bell pitching for Devil Rays . Blum at second base . Olson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Tracy out at second , Hillenbrand to third . Brito struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 4th . Good pitching for Diamondbacks . Blum grounded out to pitcher . Crawford flied out to center . Cruz hit by pitch . Cruz caught stealing second , catcher to second . Baldelli batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Bell pitching for Devil Rays . Good safe at first on error by third baseman Huff . Hairston grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Good out at second . Finley singled to center . Bautista fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Top 5th . Good pitching for Diamondbacks . Baldelli flied out to right . Huff lined out to shortstop . Martinez lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Bell pitching for Devil Rays . Gonzalez flied out to right . Hillenbrand singled to left . Tracy grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Hillenbrand out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Good pitching for Diamondbacks . Lugo lined out to left . Bell flied out to center . Hall flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Bell pitching for Devil Rays . Olson struck out swinging . Zinter hit for Good . Brito grounded out to second . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Zinter grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Blum flied out to center . Crawford singled to right center . Cruz walked , Crawford to second . Baldelli flied out to right . Huff walked , Crawford to third , Cruz to second . Villafuerte pitching for Diamondbacks . Bautista ran for Martinez . Martinez doubled to deep center , Crawford , Cruz and Huff scored . Huff at first base . Bautista at third base . Lugo flied out to center . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Bell pitching for Devil Rays . Hairston grounded out to third . Finley grounded out to second . Bautista struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Villafuerte pitching for Diamondbacks . Bell struck out looking . Hall grounded out to second . Blum grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Bell pitching for Devil Rays . Gonzalez flied out to left . Hillenbrand grounded out to third . Tracy singled to center . Choate pitching for Diamondbacks . Olson popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Choate pitching for Diamondbacks . Crawford flied out to left . Cruz doubled to deep center . Baldelli reached on infield single to shortstop . Huff hit by pitch , Cruz to third , Baldelli to second . Bautista struck out swinging . Lugo walked , Cruz scored , Baldelli to third , Huff to second . Cintron hit for Brito . Bell struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Devore hit for Choate . Bell pitching for Devil Rays . Cintron doubled to deep center . Devore struck out swinging . Hairston struck out swinging . Finley grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 11 - Diamondbacks 4 .	Martinez drives in runs , then leaves Rays ' win