Devil Rays - Top 1st . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Crawford singled to center . Crawford stole second . Fick grounded out to second , Crawford to third . Baldelli hit sacrifice fly to right , Crawford scored . Huff singled to right center . McGriff grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Hairston grounded out to shortstop . Finley grounded out to third . Bautista grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Lugo grounded out to second . Sanchez flied out to left . Fordyce grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Gonzalez singled to center . Hillenbrand grounded into double play , third to second to first , Gonzalez out at second . Olson singled to left . Cintron grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Olson out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Hendrickson struck out swinging . Crawford doubled to left . Fick tripled to deep center , Crawford scored . Baldelli grounded out to third . Huff hit by pitch . McGriff grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Brito grounded out to first . Webb grounded out to pitcher . Hairston popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 4th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Lugo grounded out to shortstop . Sanchez grounded out to shortstop . Fordyce singled to center . Hendrickson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Finley flied out to left . Bautista grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 5th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Crawford flied out to center . Fick struck out swinging . Baldelli struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Hillenbrand singled to right center . Olson singled to center , Hillenbrand to second . Cintron reached on infield single to shortstop , Hillenbrand to third , Olson to second . Brito grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hillenbrand scored , Cintron out at second . Webb walked . Hairston grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Huff struck out swinging . McGriff walked . Lugo grounded out to shortstop , McGriff to second . Sanchez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Finley fouled out to third . Bautista popped out to first . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Fordyce grounded out to pitcher . Hendrickson walked . Crawford struck out swinging . Fick singled to right , Hendrickson to second . Choate pitching for Diamondbacks . Baldelli walked , Hendrickson to third , Fick to second . Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays . Huff grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays . Hillenbrand popped out to shortstop . Olson walked . Cintron grounded out to shortstop , Olson to second . Brito struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Choate pitching for Diamondbacks . McGriff struck out looking . Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks . Lugo grounded out to third . Sanchez tripled to deep center . Tracy hit for Dessens . Miller pitching for Devil Rays . Fordyce grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Miller pitching for Devil Rays . Tracy doubled to deep right . Hairston singled to left , Tracy to third . Finley struck out swinging . Colome pitching for Devil Rays . Blum at second base . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Bautista grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Hairston out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Blum singled to left . Crawford flied out to right . Blum caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Fick walked . Bautista ran for Fick . Bautista in right field . Baldelli grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Colome pitching for Devil Rays . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Hillenbrand fouled out to first . Olson popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 2 - Diamondbacks 1 .	In one Fick of the wrist , Rays win 11th straight