Devil Rays - Top 1st . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Crawford struck out swinging . Blum singled to right center . Baldelli flied out to center . Huff singled to center , Blum to second . Cruz walked , Blum to third , Huff to second . Lugo singled to center , Blum and Huff scored , Cruz to third . Cruz scored , Lugo to second on balk by Lilly . Lugo stole third . Hall walked . Sanchez flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Halama pitching for Devil Rays . Menechino walked . Berg singled to right , Menechino to second . Johnson hit ground rule double to deep center , Menechino scored , Berg to third . Hinske hit by pitch . Zaun grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Berg out at home , Johnson to third , Hinske to second . Hudson reached on infield single to shortstop , Johnson scored , Hinske to third , Zaun to second . Gomez doubled to right , Hinske and Zaun scored , Hudson to third . Rios struck out swinging . Cash grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Bautista struck out looking . Crawford grounded out to second . Blum walked . Baldelli singled to center , Blum to second . Huff grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Halama pitching for Devil Rays . Menechino flied out to center . Berg grounded out to shortstop . Johnson safe at first on error by third baseman Blum . Hinske fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Cruz singled to center . Lugo grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cruz out at second . Hall singled to right , Lugo to second . Sanchez singled to left , Lugo scored , Hall to second . Bautista flied into double play , right to second to shortstop , Hall doubled off second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Halama pitching for Devil Rays . Zaun singled to left . Hudson flied out to left . Gomez walked , Zaun to second . Rios grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gomez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 4th . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Crawford doubled to deep left . File pitching for Blue Jays . Blum singled to right , Crawford scored . Baldelli doubled to deep center , Blum scored . Huff fouled out to third . Cruz singled to center , Baldelli scored . Lugo singled to left , Cruz to second . Hall singled to right , Cruz to third , Lugo to second . Nakamura pitching for Blue Jays . Sanchez hit sacrifice fly to right , Cruz scored , Lugo to third . Bautista struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Halama pitching for Devil Rays . Cash doubled to deep right . Menechino grounded out to third . Berg grounded out to third . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 5th . Nakamura pitching for Blue Jays . Crawford grounded out to first . Blum struck out swinging . Baldelli flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Halama pitching for Devil Rays . Hinske flied out to center . Zaun flied out to center . Hudson doubled to deep center . Gomez singled to center , Hudson scored . Rios flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Nakamura pitching for Blue Jays . Huff singled to right . Cruz homered to right center , Huff scored . Lugo doubled to center . Peterson pitching for Blue Jays . Hall popped out to second . Sanchez doubled to left , Lugo scored . Bautista walked . Crawford homered to center , Sanchez and Bautista scored . Blum lined out to second . Baldelli reached on infield single to shortstop . Huff singled to center , Baldelli to second . Bell pitching for Devil Rays . Cruz grounded out to second . 6 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Bell pitching for Devil Rays . Cash grounded out to shortstop . Menechino singled to center . Berg hit by pitch , Menechino to second . Speier pitching for Blue Jays . Johnson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Berg out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Speier pitching for Blue Jays . Lugo struck out swinging . Hall hit by pitch . Sanchez struck out looking . Bautista walked , Hall to second . Crawford fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Bell pitching for Devil Rays . Hinske homered to right . Zaun grounded out to second . Hudson grounded out to second . Gomez walked . Rios struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 8th . McGriff hit for Baldelli . Speier pitching for Blue Jays . Blum homered to right . McGriff grounded out to third . Huff walked . Cruz walked , Huff to second . Adams pitching for Blue Jays . Lugo singled to left , Huff to third , Cruz to second . Hall singled to left , Huff and Cruz scored , Lugo to second . Sanchez walked , Lugo to third , Hall to second . Bautista grounded out to shortstop , Lugo scored , Hall to third , Sanchez to second . Crawford grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Bell pitching for Devil Rays . Cash homered to center . Menechino fouled out to first . Berg flied out to left . Johnson popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Adams pitching for Blue Jays . Blum grounded out to second . McGriff walked . Huff walked , McGriff to second . Cruz walked , McGriff to third , Huff to second . Lugo singled to left , McGriff scored , Huff to third , Cruz to second . Hall grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lugo out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Bell pitching for Devil Rays . Hinske singled to center . Zaun walked , Hinske to second . Hinske to third , Zaun to second on wild pitch by Bell . Hudson homered to right , Hinske and Zaun scored . Gomez flied out to center . Rios safe at first on error by third baseman Blum . Cash singled to left , Rios to second . Menechino popped out to second . Miller pitching for Devil Rays . Berg homered to center , Rios and Cash scored . Johnson walked . Hinske grounded out to third . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Devil Rays 19 - Blue Jays 13 .	D - Rays start another streak