Devil Rays - Top 1st . Contreras pitching for Yankees . Crawford popped out to second . Baldelli struck out swinging . Huff grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays . Williams walked . Jeter flied out to right . Sheffield walked , Williams to second . Rodriguez walked , Williams to third , Sheffield to second . Giambi hit sacrifice fly to left , Williams scored , Sheffield to third . Posada grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Contreras pitching for Yankees . Cruz grounded out to second . Martinez grounded out to first . Lugo flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays . Matsui struck out looking . Cairo flied out to left . Lofton walked . Williams singled to center , Lofton to second . Jeter doubled to center , Lofton scored , Williams to third . Sheffield struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . Contreras pitching for Yankees . McGriff popped out to shortstop . Hall singled to left . Sanchez flied out to right . Crawford grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hall out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays . Rodriguez struck out looking . Giambi struck out looking . Posada walked . Matsui grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Posada out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 4th . Contreras pitching for Yankees . Baldelli singled to left . Huff struck out swinging . Baldelli stole second . Cruz walked . Baldelli to third , Cruz to second on wild pitch by Contreras . Martinez grounded out to shortstop , Baldelli scored , Cruz to third . Lugo walked . Lugo stole second . McGriff intentionally walked . Hall flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays . Cairo grounded out to third . Lofton doubled to deep right . Williams struck out swinging . Jeter doubled to deep right , Lofton scored . Sheffield flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 5th . Contreras pitching for Yankees . Sanchez grounded out to shortstop . Crawford popped out to shortstop . Baldelli flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays . Rodriguez fouled out to third . Giambi flied out to left . Posada walked . Matsui singled to center , Posada to second . Cairo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Matsui out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Contreras pitching for Yankees . Huff flied out to center . Cruz flied out to center . Martinez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays . Lofton grounded out to shortstop . Williams struck out swinging . Jeter grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Contreras pitching for Yankees . Lugo struck out swinging . McGriff flied out to center . Hall singled to left . Quantrill pitching for Yankees . Sanchez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hall safe at second on error by third baseman Rodriguez . Crawford reached on infield single to shortstop , Hall to third , Sanchez to second . Baldelli grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays . Sheffield hit by pitch . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Crosby ran for Giambi . Giambi singled to right center , Sheffield to second , Sheffield to third on error by center fielder Baldelli . Seay pitching for Devil Rays . Posada walked , Crosby to second . Harper pitching for Devil Rays . Matsui hit ground rule double to deep left center , Sheffield and Crosby scored , Posada to third . Cairo flied out to center . Clark at first base . Lofton grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Quantrill pitching for Yankees . Huff singled to center . Cruz struck out swinging . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Martinez singled to right , Huff to second . Lugo grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Martinez out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Harper pitching for Devil Rays . Williams walked . Jeter grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Williams out at second . Sheffield homered to left , Jeter scored . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Clark singled to center . Posada struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Rivera pitching for Yankees . McGriff struck out looking . Hall grounded out to third . Sanchez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 1 - Yankees 7 .	Contreras ends Yanks poor pitching streak