Angels - Top 1st . Eckstein flied out to left . Erstad singled to center . Guerrero fouled out to right . Anderson walked , Erstad to second . Guillen fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 1st . Crawford doubled to deep right center , Crawford thrown out at third . Upton struck out swinging . Huff grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Salmon reached on infield single to third . Kennedy grounded out to second , Salmon to second . Paul safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Cantu , Salmon to third . Figgins flied into double play , left to third to first , Paul doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd . Martinez lined out to second . Cruz struck out looking . Lugo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Eckstein singled to center . Erstad reached on infield single to third , Eckstein to second . Guerrero homered to left , Eckstein and Erstad scored . Anderson doubled to deep left . Guillen grounded out to shortstop . Salmon reached on infield single to shortstop . Kennedy flied out to right . Paul flied out to center . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd . Blum singled to center . Cantu struck out swinging . Fordyce flied out to right . Crawford struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Figgins flied out to left . Eckstein popped out to second . Erstad safe at first on error by second baseman Lugo . Guerrero flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Bottom 4th . Upton flied out to right . Huff popped out to second . Martinez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Anderson grounded out to second . Guillen struck out swinging . Salmon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 5th . Cruz grounded out to first . Lugo grounded out to shortstop . Blum singled to left center . Cantu flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Kennedy flied out to left . Paul singled to left . Figgins grounded out to shortstop , Paul to second . Eckstein grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 6th . Fordyce singled to left . Crawford grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Fordyce out at second . Crawford stole second . Upton walked . Huff grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Upton out at second , Crawford to third . Miller pitching for Devil Rays . Martinez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Erstad reached on infield single to second . Guerrero walked , Erstad to second . Harper pitching for Devil Rays . Anderson struck out swinging . Guillen walked , Erstad to third , Guerrero to second . Salmon struck out swinging . Kennedy walked , Erstad scored , Guerrero to third , Guillen to second . Paul homered to left center , Guerrero , Guillen and Kennedy scored . Figgins grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 7th . Cruz homered to right . Lugo struck out looking . Blum singled to right . Cantu struck out looking . Fordyce singled to left , Blum to second . Crawford homered to right , Blum and Fordyce scored . Shields pitching for Angels . Upton safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Figgins . Huff grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Upton out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 8th . Eckstein singled to right . Erstad homered to right , Eckstein scored . Guerrero grounded out to third . Anderson popped out to catcher . Guillen struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 8th . Martinez doubled to deep left . Cruz walked . Martinez to third , Cruz to second on wild pitch by Shields . Lugo singled to left , Martinez scored , Cruz to third . Blum singled to right , Cruz scored , Lugo to second . Cantu singled to left , Lugo to third , Blum to second . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Fordyce struck out swinging . Crawford fouled out to left . Seay pitching for Devil Rays . Upton struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Salmon struck out swinging . Kennedy hit by pitch . Paul struck out looking . Kennedy caught stealing second , Kennedy safe at second on error by Upton . Figgins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 9th . Huff doubled to deep left center , Huff to third on error by left fielder Guillen . Martinez grounded out to first , Huff scored . Cruz flied out to right . Lugo fouled out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Angels 10 - Devil Rays 7 .	Longballs spur Angels past D - Rays