Orioles - Top 1st . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Roberts safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Lugo . Bigbie singled to left , Roberts to second . Mora struck out swinging . Tejada walked , Roberts to third , Bigbie to second . Lopez singled to right , Roberts and Bigbie scored , Tejada to third . Surhoff singled to left , Tejada scored , Lopez to second . Segui struck out swinging . Leon lined out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Bottom 1st . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Lugo flied out to center . Baldelli doubled to deep center . Baldelli to third on wild pitch by Cabrera . Huff popped out to third . Cruz grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Raines Jr grounded out to second . Roberts singled to center . Bigbie struck out swinging . Mora grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Roberts out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Martinez popped out to second . Cantu flied out to left . Blum fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Tejada flied out to right . Lopez lined out to left . Surhoff grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Diaz grounded out to second . Fordyce popped out to second . Lugo reached on infield single to first . Baldelli walked , Lugo to second . Huff walked , Lugo to third , Baldelli to second . Cruz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Segui singled to center . Leon grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Segui out at second . Raines Jr struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 4th . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Martinez walked . Cantu grounded out to first , Martinez to second . Blum popped out to second . Diaz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Roberts walked . Bigbie grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Roberts out at second . Mora flied out to left . Bigbie to second on wild pitch by Hendrickson . Tejada reached on infield single to shortstop , Bigbie to third . Lopez walked , Tejada to second . Surhoff grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 5th . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Fordyce flied out to center . Lugo struck out swinging . Baldelli flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Segui singled to center . Leon popped out to second . Segui to second on balk by Hendrickson . Raines Jr reached on bunt single to pitcher , Segui to third . Roberts hit sacrifice fly to right , Segui scored . Raines Jr stole second . Bigbie grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 6th . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Huff grounded out to shortstop . Cruz flied out to right . Gaudin pitching for Devil Rays . Martinez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Gaudin pitching for Devil Rays . Mora singled to left . Tejada doubled to deep left , Mora to third . Lopez doubled to deep right , Mora and Tejada scored . Surhoff singled to left , Lopez to third , Surhoff out stretching at second . Segui flied out to center . Leon grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 7th . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Cantu walked . Blum flied out to center . Diaz walked , Cantu to second . Williams pitching for Orioles . Fordyce walked , Cantu to third , Diaz to second . Lugo grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Fordyce out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Gaudin pitching for Devil Rays . Raines Jr grounded out to shortstop . Roberts singled to right . Bigbie lined out to center . Mora lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 8th . Parrish pitching for Orioles . Baldelli hit by pitch . Huff struck out swinging . Cruz struck out swinging . Baldelli to second on fielder 's indifference . Martinez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Gaudin pitching for Devil Rays . Tejada struck out swinging . Lopez flied out to right . Majewski hit for Segui . Surhoff reached on infield single to second . Majewski doubled to deep right , Surhoff scored . Leon singled to left , Majewski scored . Raines Jr hit by pitch , Leon to second . Roberts grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Raines Jr out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 9th . Parrish pitching for Orioles . Cantu safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Tejada . Blum walked , Cantu to second . Diaz struck out swinging . Fordyce grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Blum out at second , Cantu to third . Lugo grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Orioles 8 - Devil Rays 0 .	Orioles two - hit Rays behind rookie Cabrera