White Sox - Top 1st. Talbot pitching for Indians. Pierre reached on infield single to second. Pierre caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Beckham singled to center. Quentin grounded into double play, third to second to first, Beckham out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Cabrera grounded out to second. Sizemore flied out to center. Choo walked. Peralta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Talbot pitching for Indians. Konerko homered to left (388 feet). Kotsay popped out to third. Rios flied out to shortstop. Pierzynski grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Hafner grounded out to second. LaPorta struck out swinging. Kearns grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Talbot pitching for Indians. Ramirez flied out to left. Teahen grounded out to shortstop. Pierre grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Valbuena grounded out to second. Marson singled to center. Cabrera singled to center, Marson to second. Sizemore grounded out to second, Marson to third, Cabrera to second. Choo grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Talbot pitching for Indians. Beckham grounded out to third. Quentin grounded out to shortstop. Konerko flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Peralta walked. Hafner struck out swinging. Peralta to second on wild pitch by Buehrle. LaPorta flied out to right, Peralta to third. Kearns singled to left, Peralta scored. Valbuena homered to right (392 feet), Kearns scored. Marson grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Talbot pitching for Indians. Kotsay struck out looking. Rios grounded out to third. Pierzynski grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Cabrera flied out to center. Sizemore grounded out to first. Choo walked. Peralta fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Talbot pitching for Indians. Ramirez reached on infield single to shortstop. Teahen singled to right, Ramirez to second, Ramirez scored, Teahen to second on error by right fielder Choo. Pierre sacrificed to catcher, Teahen to third. Beckham grounded out to third. Quentin grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 6th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Hafner walked. LaPorta flied out to right. Kearns reached on infield single to pitcher, Hafner to second. Valbuena grounded out to first, Hafner to third, Kearns to second. Marson safe at first on error by third baseman Teahen, Hafner and Kearns scored. Cabrera doubled to left, Marson scored. Sizemore flied out to left. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 7th. Talbot pitching for Indians. Konerko singled to right. Kotsay grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Konerko out at second. Rios fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Choo singled to center. Peralta grounded into double play, third to second to first, Choo out at second. Hafner struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Talbot pitching for Indians. Pierzynski lined out to second. Ramirez struck out looking. Teahen popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Jenks pitching for White Sox. LaPorta singled to right. Kearns grounded into double play, shortstop to first, LaPorta out at second. Valbuena struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Talbot pitching for Indians. Pierre grounded out to second. Beckham grounded out to third. Quentin grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 2 - Indians 6.	Indians' Talbot goes distance for first victory