Mariners - Top 1st. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Figgins flied out to left. Gutierrez tripled to right. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Pierre grounded out to second. Beckham flied out to center. Jones homered to left (353 feet). Konerko flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Griffey Jr grounded out to first. Kotchman flied out to left. Byrnes walked. Byrnes stole second. Moore grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Rios flied out to center. Quentin homered to left (364 feet). Ramirez grounded out to third. Lucy hit by pitch. Nix grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Ja Wilson reached on infield single to third, Ja Wilson to second on throwing error by third baseman Nix. Suzuki singled to right, Ja Wilson to third. Figgins doubled to deep right, Ja Wilson scored, Suzuki to third. Gutierrez walked. Lopez popped out to first. Griffey Jr grounded into fielder's choice to second, Suzuki scored, Gutierrez out at second, Figgins to third. Kotchman lined out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Pierre safe at first on error by shortstop Ja Wilson. Beckham grounded out to third, Pierre to second. Jones walked. Pierre stole third, Jones stole second. Konerko singled to left, Pierre scored, Jones to third. Rios grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Konerko out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 4th. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Byrnes doubled to left. Moore grounded out to second, Byrnes to third. Tuiasosopo struck out swinging. Suzuki flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Quentin flied out to left. Ramirez flied out to left. Lucy grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Figgins struck out swinging. Gutierrez grounded out to pitcher. Lopez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Nix singled to center. Pierre flied out to left. Beckham flied out to center. Jones grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Griffey Jr grounded out to second. Kotchman grounded out to second. Byrnes struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Konerko homered to left (387 feet). Rios lined out to third. Quentin safe at first on error by shortstop Tuiasosopo. Ramirez doubled to deep left, Quentin to third. Lucy grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Quentin scored, Ramirez out at third. Lucy stole second. Nix struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 7th. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Moore singled to right. Tuiasosopo struck out swinging. Suzuki reached on bunt single to pitcher, Moore to second. Figgins walked, Moore to third, Suzuki to second. Gutierrez lined out to second. Lopez homered to left center (387 feet), Moore, Suzuki and Figgins scored. Griffey Jr struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. White pitching for Mariners. Pierre singled to center. Beckham singled to left, Pierre to second. Jones grounded into double play, third to first, Pierre out at third, Beckham to second. Konerko intentionally walked. Rios doubled to left, Beckham scored, Konerko to third. Quentin grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Kotchman struck out swinging. Byrnes popped out to second. Moore struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. League pitching for Mariners. Ramirez struck out swinging. Lucy bunt grounded out to pitcher. Teahen grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Tuiasosopo struck out looking. Suzuki popped out to second. Figgins struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Lowe pitching for Mariners. Pierre flied out to left. Beckham popped out to second. Jones homered to left (362 feet). 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 6 - White Sox 7.	Jones' 2nd HR lifts White Sox past M's in 9th