Royals - Top 1st. Floyd pitching for White Sox. DeJesus doubled to deep right. Podsednik reached on bunt single to second, DeJesus to third. Butler grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, DeJesus scored, Podsednik out at second. Guillen safe at first on error by third baseman Teahen. Callaspo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Guillen out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Pierre walked. Beckham walked, Pierre to second. Jones grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Beckham out at second, Pierre to third. Konerko struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Kendall walked. Aviles singled to right, Kendall to second. Maier reached on bunt single to third, Kendall to third, Aviles to second. Getz singled to left, Kendall scored, Aviles to third, Maier to second. DeJesus popped out to second. Podsednik struck out swinging. Butler grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Getz out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Rios flied out to left. Pierzynski grounded out to second. Quentin singled to left. Teahen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Guillen singled to right. Callaspo singled to right, Guillen to second. Kendall walked, Guillen to third, Callaspo to second. Aviles grounded into double play, first to catcher, Guillen out at home, Callaspo to third, Kendall to second. Maier flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Ramirez fouled out to first. Pierre reached on bunt single to first. Pierre stole second. Beckham walked. Pierre stole third, Beckham stole second, Pierre scored on throwing error by catcher Kendall. Jones struck out swinging. Konerko fouled out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Top 4th. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Getz flied out to center. DeJesus reached on bunt single to second. Podsednik grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, DeJesus out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Rios lined out to second. Pierzynski flied out to center. Quentin grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Butler grounded out to shortstop. Guillen flied out to center. Callaspo struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Teahen flied out to center. Ramirez grounded out to second. Pierre flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Kendall flied out to center. Aviles lined out to third. Maier grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Beckham singled to right. Jones flied out to left. Beckham to second on wild pitch by Hochevar. Konerko walked. Rios grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Konerko out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Getz singled to center. Getz stole second. DeJesus grounded out to second, Getz to third. Podsednik tripled to right, Getz scored. Butler singled to center, Podsednik scored. Guillen homered to left (394 feet), Butler scored. Callaspo singled to right. Kendall lined out to right. Aviles singled to center, Callaspo to second. Callaspo to third, Aviles to second on wild pitch by Santos. Maier walked. Getz flied out to left. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Hughes pitching for Royals. Pierzynski homered to right (398 feet). Quentin grounded out to third. Teahen singled to left center. Ramirez flied out to right. Pierre singled to left, Teahen to second. Beckham grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pierre out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Williams pitching for White Sox. DeJesus hit by pitch. DeJesus caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Podsednik flied out to left. Butler doubled to deep right. Guillen flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Rupe pitching for Royals. Jones struck out swinging. Konerko flied out to center. Rios doubled to deep center. Pierzynski grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Pena pitching for White Sox. Callaspo grounded out to second. Kendall grounded out to shortstop. Aviles homered to center (396 feet). Maier grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Thompson pitching for Royals. Quentin flied out to center. Teahen grounded out to first. Ramirez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 7 - White Sox 2.	Royals pound out 16 hits in win vs. White Sox