White Sox - Top 1st. Lerew pitching for Royals. Pierre popped out to shortstop. Vizquel struck out swinging. Rios fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Podsednik grounded out to shortstop. Kendall singled to right. DeJesus walked, Kendall to second. Butler singled to left, Kendall scored, DeJesus to second. Guillen struck out swinging. Callaspo walked, DeJesus to third, Butler to second. Aviles singled to left, DeJesus scored, Butler to third, Callaspo to second. Bloomquist popped out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Lerew pitching for Royals. Konerko struck out looking. Quentin walked. Pierzynski singled to left center, Quentin to second. Jones flied out to left. Quentin to third, Pierzynski to second on wild pitch by Lerew. Ramirez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Betancourt singled to left. Podsednik grounded into fielder's choice to second, Betancourt out at second. Podsednik caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Kendall walked. DeJesus singled to center, Kendall to second. Butler singled to right, Kendall scored, DeJesus to third. Guillen popped out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Lerew pitching for Royals. Beckham flied out to center. Pierre struck out swinging. Vizquel grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Callaspo grounded out to shortstop. Aviles struck out swinging. Bloomquist doubled to deep left. Betancourt fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Lerew pitching for Royals. Rios singled to left. Rios caught stealing second, catcher to second. Konerko struck out swinging. Quentin homered to center (421 feet). Pierzynski lined out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Podsednik grounded out to second. Kendall grounded out to shortstop. DeJesus flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Lerew pitching for Royals. Jones grounded out to third. Ramirez popped out to second. Beckham flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Butler grounded out to second. Guillen walked. Callaspo grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Guillen out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Lerew pitching for Royals. Pierre grounded out to third. Vizquel grounded out to second. Rios flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Aviles singled to left. Bloomquist singled to left center, Bloomquist out at second, Aviles to third. Aviles caught stealing home, catcher to third to first to shortstop. Betancourt grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Marte pitching for Royals. Konerko struck out swinging. Quentin hit by pitch. Pierzynski grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Quentin out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Podsednik singled to right. Kendall walked, Podsednik to second. DeJesus sacrificed to first, Podsednik to third, Kendall to second. Santos pitching for White Sox. Butler lined out to second. Guillen flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Tejeda pitching for Royals. Jones safe at first on error by third baseman Callaspo. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Jones out at second. Beckham popped out to second. Pierre singled to center, Ramirez to second. Vizquel popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 8th. Santos pitching for White Sox. Callaspo grounded out to first. Aviles doubled to center. Bloomquist reached on infield single to third, Aviles to third. Betancourt grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Bloomquist out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Soria pitching for Royals. Rios struck out swinging. Konerko safe at first on error by shortstop Betancourt. Quentin walked, Konerko to second. Lillibridge ran for Quentin. Pierzynski hit by pitch, Konerko to third, Lillibridge to second. Kotsay hit for Jones. Kotsay popped out to second. Ramirez popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 1 - Royals 3.	Lerew nabs 1st MLB win as Butler tips White Sox