White Sox - Top 1st. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Pierre grounded out to shortstop. Vizquel walked. Rios grounded out to third, Vizquel to second. Konerko struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Torres pitching for White Sox. Jackson walked. Rhymes walked, Jackson to second. Damon grounded into fielder's choice to second, Rhymes out at second, Jackson to third. Cabrera walked, Damon to second. Boesch grounded into fielder's choice to second, Jackson scored, Cabrera out at second, Damon to third. Peralta struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Ramirez struck out swinging. Kotsay flied out to right. Castro lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Torres pitching for White Sox. Raburn reached on infield single to shortstop. Avila doubled to deep left, Raburn scored. Santiago grounded out to first. Jackson lined out to right. Rhymes singled to right center, Avila scored. Damon doubled to deep right, Rhymes scored, Damon to third on throwing error by shortstop Ramirez. Cabrera intentionally walked. Boesch hit ground rule double to deep center, Damon scored, Cabrera to third. Peralta flied out to center. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 3rd. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Jones struck out swinging. Beckham fouled out to left. Pierre grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Torres pitching for White Sox. Raburn flied out to left. Avila singled to left. Santiago walked, Avila to second. Jackson struck out swinging. Rhymes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Santiago out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Vizquel singled to right center. Rios struck out swinging. Konerko singled to left, Vizquel to second. Ramirez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Konerko out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Torres pitching for White Sox. Damon singled to left. Cabrera grounded out to second, Damon to second. Boesch flied out to left. Peralta fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Kotsay grounded out to second. Castro fouled out to third. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Torres pitching for White Sox. Raburn flied out to left. Avila struck out swinging. Santiago singled to right. Jackson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Beckham flied out to center. Pierre singled to shallow center. Vizquel singled to shallow right, Pierre to third. Rios grounded into double play, third to second to first, Vizquel out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Torres pitching for White Sox. Rhymes grounded out to first. Damon singled to center. Cabrera flied out to right. Boesch flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Konerko homered to left (426 feet). Ramirez fouled out to left. Kotsay grounded out to second. Weinhardt pitching for Tigers. Castro singled to center. Jones grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Linebrink pitching for White Sox. Peralta popped out to third. Raburn struck out swinging. Avila grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Kelly in left field. Weinhardt pitching for Tigers. Beckham grounded out to first. Pierre popped out to third. Vizquel singled to right. Rios lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Pena pitching for White Sox. Santiago reached on infield single to second. Jackson reached on bunt single to pitcher, Santiago to third, Santiago scored, Jackson to second on throwing error by pitcher Pena. Rhymes grounded out to first, Jackson to third. Damon grounded into fielder's choice to second, Jackson scored. Cabrera fouled out to first. Boesch flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 9th. Perry pitching for Tigers. Konerko struck out swinging. Ramirez reached on infield single to second. Kotsay grounded out to pitcher, Ramirez to second. Castro grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 1 - Tigers 7.	Tigers manage doubleheader split vs. White Sox