Twins - Top 1st. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Span grounded out to second. Hudson struck out looking. Mauer singled to center. Kubel fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Duensing pitching for Twins. Pierre struck out swinging. Ramirez popped out to second. Rios grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Cuddyer flied out to left. Thome struck out swinging. Young grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Duensing pitching for Twins. Konerko singled to right. Ramirez walked, Konerko to second. Quentin struck out swinging. Pierzynski singled to left, Konerko to third, Ramirez to second. Vizquel grounded into fielder's choice to third, Konerko out at home, Ramirez to third, Pierzynski to second. Beckham flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Valencia singled to left. Hardy singled to center, Valencia to second. Span sacrificed to catcher, Valencia to third, Hardy to second. Hudson struck out swinging. Mauer intentionally walked. Kubel lined out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Duensing pitching for Twins. Pierre singled to left. Ramirez flied out to center. Pierre stole second. Rios grounded out to second, Pierre to third. Konerko struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Cuddyer grounded out to shortstop. Thome walked. Young grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Thome out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Duensing pitching for Twins. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. Quentin singled to left. Pierzynski singled to right, Quentin to third. Vizquel grounded into double play, third to second to first, Pierzynski out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Valencia flied out to center. Hardy grounded out to second. Span singled to center. Span stole second. Hudson reached on infield single to second, Span to third. Mauer homered to right (398 feet), Span and Hudson scored. Kubel struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Repko in right field. Duensing pitching for Twins. Beckham flied out to right. Pierre doubled to left. Ramirez grounded out to pitcher. Rios lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Cuddyer hit by pitch. Thome singled to deep right, Cuddyer to third. Young hit sacrifice fly to right, Cuddyer scored. Valencia doubled to deep left, Thome to third. Hardy reached on infield single to third, Thome scored, Valencia to third. Sale pitching for White Sox. Span reached on infield single to third, Valencia scored, Hardy to second. Hudson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Span out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Duensing pitching for Twins. Konerko struck out swinging. Ramirez singled to center. Quentin homered to center (415 feet), Ramirez scored. Pierzynski singled to center. Vizquel grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pierzynski out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Sale pitching for White Sox. Mauer singled to left. Santos pitching for White Sox. Repko walked, Mauer to second. Cuddyer reached on infield single to third, Mauer to third, Repko to second. Thome singled to right, Mauer and Repko scored, Cuddyer to third. Plouffe ran for Thome. Young walked, Plouffe to second. Pena pitching for White Sox. Valencia hit sacrifice fly to left, Cuddyer scored. Young picked off first. Hardy struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Beckham struck out looking. Pierre grounded out to pitcher. Ramirez tripled to deep left. Rios reached on infield single to shortstop, Ramirez scored, Rios to second on throwing error by shortstop Hardy. Konerko grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 8th. Pena pitching for White Sox. Span flied out to left. Punto hit for Hudson. Punto grounded out to second. Mauer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Punto at second base. Rauch pitching for Twins. Ramirez walked. Quentin fouled out to shortstop. Mijares pitching for Twins. Pierzynski struck out swinging. Vizquel lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Pena pitching for White Sox. Repko struck out looking. Cuddyer flied out to left. Plouffe struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Capps pitching for Twins. Beckham safe at first on error by second baseman Punto. Pierre reached on infield single to third, Beckham to second. Ramirez grounded into double play, third to first, Beckham out at third, Pierre to second. Rios struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Final score: Twins 9 - White Sox 3.	Mauer's big night helps Twins top White Sox