Phillies - Top 1st. Ray pitching for Blue Jays. McCutchen struck out swinging. Segura reached on infield single to second. Hoskins hit by pitch, Segura to second. Bohm singled to right, Hoskins to second, Segura to third. Miller struck out swinging. Marchan hit for Knapp. Marchan struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Marchan catching. Anderson pitching for Phillies. Semien homered to right (368 feet). Bichette homered to center (437 feet). Guerrero Jr. reached on infield single to third. Hernández flied out to center. Grichuk grounded into fielder's choice to second, Guerrero Jr. safe at second on fielding error by second baseman Segura. Tellez grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Grichuk out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 2nd. Ray pitching for Blue Jays. Herrera lined out to shortstop. Kingery struck out swinging. Maton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Anderson pitching for Phillies. Gurriel Jr. popped out to shortstop. Espinal tripled to deep right. Jansen reached on infield single to shortstop, Espinal scored. Semien doubled to deep left, Jansen to third. Bichette singled to shallow left, Jansen scored, Semien to third. Guerrero Jr. doubled to deep right, Semien scored, Bichette to third. Hernández walked. Hale pitching for Phillies. Grichuk doubled to deep right center, Bichette scored and Guerrero Jr. scored, Hernández to third. Tellez lined into double play, right to shortstop, Grichuk doubled off second. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Ray pitching for Blue Jays. McCutchen grounded out to third. Segura grounded out to pitcher. Hoskins flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Hale pitching for Phillies. Gurriel Jr. doubled to right center. Espinal grounded out to third. Jansen struck out swinging. Semien doubled to first, Gurriel Jr. scored. Bichette lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Ray pitching for Blue Jays. Bohm struck out swinging. Miller struck out swinging. Marchan safe at first on fielding error by left fielder Gurriel Jr., Marchan to second. Herrera walked. Kingery struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Hale pitching for Phillies. Guerrero Jr. grounded out to third. Hernández grounded out to pitcher. Grichuk struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Ray pitching for Blue Jays. Maton homered to right (391 feet). McCutchen homered to left center (395 feet). Segura tripled to center. Hoskins grounded out to third. Bohm singled to center, Segura scored. Miller grounded into fielder's choice to first, Bohm safe at second on fielding error by first baseman Guerrero Jr.. Marchan grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Miller out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Hale pitching for Phillies. Tellez struck out looking. Gurriel Jr. grounded out to second. Espinal walked. Espinal stole second. Jansen reached on infield single to third, Espinal to third. Suárez pitching for Phillies. Semien lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Ray pitching for Blue Jays. Herrera grounded out to second. Kingery struck out swinging. Maton homered to center (403 feet). Payamps pitching for Blue Jays. McCutchen flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Harper in right field. Suarez pitching for Phillies. Bichette grounded out to second. Guerrero Jr. flied out to right. Hernández doubled to deep right. Grichuk grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Payamps pitching for Blue Jays. Segura lined out to center. Hoskins walked. Bohm grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hoskins out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Suarez pitching for Phillies. Tellez hit by pitch. Gurriel Jr. struck out swinging. Espinal grounded into fielder's choice to second, Tellez safe at second on fielding error by second baseman Segura. Jansen hit by pitch, Espinal to second, Tellez to third. Semien grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Tellez scored, Jansen out at second, Espinal to third. Bichette grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Semien out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 8th. Mayza pitching for Blue Jays. Miller singled to left. Marchan flied out to center. Herrera reached on infield single to first, Miller to second. Harper bunt popped out to third. Herrera stole second, Miller stole third. Maton singled to right center, Miller scored and Herrera scored. Romano pitching for Blue Jays. Maton stole second. McCutchen struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Kintzler pitching for Phillies. Guerrero Jr. homered to left (465 feet). Hernández grounded out to second. Grichuk grounded out to shortstop. Tellez singled to shallow left. Biggio ran for Tellez. Gurriel Jr. singled to center, Biggio to second. Espinal grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Hernández in left field. Grichuk in right field. Biggio as designated hitter. Davis in center field. Romano pitching for Blue Jays. Segura walked. Hoskins flied out to center. Bohm grounded into fielder's choice to third, Segura out at second. Beasley pitching for Blue Jays. Bohm stole second. Miller singled to right, Bohm scored. Miller stole second. Marchan walked. Herrera singled to deep right center, Miller scored, Marchan to third. Harper struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 8 - Blue Jays 10.	Semien has 3 hits, 3 RBIs, Blue Jays depleted Phillies 10-8