Phillies - Top 1st. Urias pitching for Dodgers. Herrera flied out to center. Segura singled to center. Realmuto grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Segura out at second. Harper flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Eflin pitching for Phillies. Betts struck out looking. Lux reached on infield single to shortstop. Turner singled to left, Lux to third. Smith grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lux scored, Turner out at second. Beaty lined out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Urias pitching for Dodgers. Hoskins struck out swinging. McCutchen homered to left (416 feet). Bohm lined out to shortstop. Williams singled to right center. Eflin struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Eflin pitching for Phillies. Taylor grounded out to third. Pujols grounded out to second. McKinstry singled to shallow left. Urías grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, McKinstry out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Urias pitching for Dodgers. Herrera struck out swinging. Segura struck out swinging. Realmuto flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Eflin pitching for Phillies. Betts singled to left. Lux struck out swinging. Turner flied out to center. Smith grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Betts out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Urias pitching for Dodgers. Harper struck out swinging. Hoskins grounded out to shortstop. McCutchen grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Torreyes at shortstop. Williams in right field. Eflin pitching for Phillies. Beaty singled to right. Taylor grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Beaty out at second. Pujols flied out to right. McKinstry doubled to right center, Taylor scored. Urías hit ground rule double to deep right, McKinstry scored. Betts flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Urias pitching for Dodgers. Bohm singled to center. Williams safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Taylor, Bohm to second. Eflin sacrificed to pitcher, Williams to second, Bohm to third. Herrera singled to left, Bohm scored on error and Williams scored on fielding error by left fielder Beaty, Herrera to second. Segura lined out to first. Realmuto intentionally walked. Torreyes popped out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Eflin pitching for Phillies. Lux grounded out to second. Turner grounded out to shortstop. Smith hit by pitch. Beaty flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Urias pitching for Dodgers. Hoskins grounded out to second. McCutchen walked. Bohm singled to left, McCutchen to second. Williams flied out to right. Miller hit for Eflin. González pitching for Dodgers. Miller lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Coonrod pitching for Phillies. Taylor struck out swinging. Pujols singled to center. McKinstry lined out to center. Raley hit for González. Suárez pitching for Phillies. Raley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Kelly pitching for Dodgers. Herrera struck out swinging. Segura flied out to center. Realmuto fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Suarez pitching for Phillies. Betts homered to center (396 feet). Lux walked. Turner grounded into double play, third to second to first, Lux out at second. Smith walked. Pollock hit for Beaty. Pollock grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Smith out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Jankowski hit for Torreyes. Pollock in left field. Bickford pitching for Dodgers. Jankowski walked. Jankowski stole second. Hoskins walked. McCutchen struck out swinging. Bohm struck out looking. Williams grounded into fielder's choice to third, Jankowski out at third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Jankowski in right field. Williams at shortstop. Bradley pitching for Phillies. Taylor walked. Pujols singled to shallow left, Taylor to second. McKinstry grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Pujols out at second, Taylor to third. Burns hit for Bickford. Burns hit by pitch. Betts singled to center, Taylor scored, Burns to second. Lux struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Treinen pitching for Dodgers. Joyce hit for Bradley. Joyce grounded out to first. Herrera grounded out to second. Segura safe at first on fielding error by first baseman Pujols. Knapp ran for Segura. Knapp to second on wild pitch by Treinen. Realmuto struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 3 - Dodgers 5.	Betts homer in front of 52,078 leads Dodgers over Phillies