Phillies - Top 1st. Pivetta pitching for Red Sox. Segura grounded out to third. Realmuto grounded out to shortstop. Harper grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Kintzler pitching for Phillies. Hernández grounded out to third. Verdugo flied out to center. Martinez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Pivetta pitching for Red Sox. McCutchen struck out swinging. Gregorius lined out to right. Hoskins struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Kintzler pitching for Phillies. Bogaerts homered to left (411 feet). Sánchez pitching for Phillies. Devers singled to center. Renfroe lined out to right. Vázquez popped out to shortstop. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Dalbec at first base. Pivetta pitching for Red Sox. Miller grounded out to second. Torreyes singled to shallow left. Torreyes stole second. Jankowski walked. Segura flied out to right. Realmuto singled to right, Jankowski scored on throwing error by right fielder Renfroe and Torreyes scored, Realmuto to third. Harper grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Sanchez pitching for Phillies. Arroyo singled to right. Hernández safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Sánchez, Arroyo to second. Verdugo grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hernández out at second, Arroyo to third. Martinez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 4th. Pivetta pitching for Red Sox. McCutchen struck out looking. Gregorius struck out swinging. Hoskins doubled to left. Miller walked. Torreyes homered to left (389 feet), Hoskins scored and Miller scored. Jankowski grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Sanchez pitching for Phillies. Bogaerts struck out swinging. Devers grounded out to pitcher. Renfroe walked. Vázquez singled to center, Renfroe to second. Dalbec grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Vázquez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Ríos pitching for Red Sox. Segura singled to shallow left. Realmuto flied into double play, center to first, Segura doubled off first. Harper struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Sanchez pitching for Phillies. Arroyo doubled to deep right center. Neris pitching for Phillies. Hernández flied out to center, Arroyo to third. Verdugo grounded out to second, Arroyo scored. Martinez doubled to left center. Bogaerts grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Rios pitching for Red Sox. McCutchen lined out to center. Gregorius popped out to second. Hoskins walked. Hernandez pitching for Red Sox. Miller struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Alvarado pitching for Phillies. Devers struck out swinging. Renfroe singled to center. Vázquez singled to deep left, Vázquez out stretching at second, Renfroe to third. Dalbec singled to shallow left, Renfroe scored. Arroyo doubled to center, Dalbec scored. Bradley pitching for Phillies. Hernández grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Hernandez pitching for Red Sox. Torreyes lined out to second. Jankowski grounded out to third. Sawamura pitching for Red Sox. Segura safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Devers. Realmuto struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Bradley pitching for Phillies. Verdugo grounded out to second. Martinez flied out to right. Bogaerts walked. Suárez pitching for Phillies. Devers fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Ottavino pitching for Red Sox. Harper grounded out to second. McCutchen fouled out to third. Gregorius safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Ottavino. Gregorius stole second. Hoskins struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Suarez pitching for Phillies. Renfroe singled to center. Vázquez struck out swinging. Dalbec struck out swinging. Arroyo walked, Renfroe to second. Hernández walked, Arroyo to second, Renfroe to third. Verdugo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Barnes pitching for Red Sox. Miller struck out looking. Torreyes singled to center. Torreyes caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Jankowski walked. Segura grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jankowski out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Suarez pitching for Phillies. Martinez struck out looking. Bogaerts struck out looking. Devers grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 5 - Red Sox 4.	Torreyes homers, Philly bullpen shines in 5-4 win over BoSox