Marlins - Top 1st. Wheeler pitching for Phillies. Chisholm Jr. walked. Marte grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Chisholm Jr. out at second. Cooper struck out swinging. Marte stole second. Duvall struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Garrett pitching for Marlins. Segura singled to left center. Realmuto lined into double play, third to first, Segura doubled off first. Harper singled to right. Sierra in left field. Panik at second base. Berti at third base. McCutchen walked, Harper to second. Hoskins flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Wheeler pitching for Phillies. Rojas struck out swinging. Panik flied out to left. Alfaro grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Garrett pitching for Marlins. Gregorius grounded out to third. Torreyes reached on infield single to second. Williams walked, Torreyes to second. Wheeler sacrificed to pitcher, Williams to second, Torreyes to third. Torreyes scored, Williams to third on passed ball by Alfaro. Segura walked. Realmuto singled to left, Williams scored, Segura to second. Harper struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Wheeler pitching for Phillies. Berti grounded out to third. Garrett singled to right. Sierra singled to left, Garrett to second. Marte doubled to deep right center, Garrett scored, Sierra to third. Cooper hit sacrifice fly to right, Sierra scored, Marte to third. Duvall homered to right (371 feet), Marte scored. Rojas singled to center. Panik walked, Rojas to second. Alfaro grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Garrett pitching for Marlins. McCutchen popped out to third. Hoskins doubled to deep right. Gregorius grounded out to first, Hoskins to third. Torreyes lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Wheeler pitching for Phillies. Berti struck out looking. Garrett struck out swinging. Sierra lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Garrett pitching for Marlins. Williams singled to left center. Wheeler sacrificed to third, Williams to second. Segura grounded out to third. Williams to third on wild pitch by Garrett. Realmuto struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Wheeler pitching for Phillies. Marte singled to shallow right. Marte caught stealing second, catcher to second. Cooper struck out swinging. Duvall reached on infield single to second. Rojas grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Garrett pitching for Marlins. Harper grounded out to pitcher. McCutchen homered to left (406 feet). Curtiss pitching for Marlins. Hoskins lined out to third. Gregorius homered to right (353 feet). Torreyes flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Wheeler pitching for Phillies. Panik lined out to center. Alfaro struck out swinging. Berti grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Jankowski hit for Williams. Bender pitching for Marlins. Jankowski singled to center. Miller hit for Wheeler. Jankowski to second on passed ball by Alfaro. Miller singled to left, Jankowski to third. Segura hit sacrifice fly to center, Jankowski scored. Realmuto singled to right, Miller to second. Harper walked, Realmuto to second, Miller to third. McCutchen grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Miller scored, Harper out at second, Realmuto to third. McCutchen caught stealing second, Realmuto caught stealing home, catcher to second to catcher. Anthony Bender pitches to Rhys Hoskins. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Jankowski in center field. Brogdon pitching for Phillies. Díaz hit for Bender. Díaz doubled to deep left center. Sierra grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Sierra to second, Díaz out at third in rundown. Marte lined out to left. Cooper grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Okert pitching for Marlins. Hoskins struck out swinging. Gregorius grounded out to first. Torreyes popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Brogdon pitching for Phillies. Duvall walked. Rojas flied out to center. Aguilar hit for Panik. Aguilar singled to left, Duvall to second. Alfaro flied out to left. Falter pitching for Phillies. Berti reached on infield single to shortstop, Aguilar to second, Duvall to third. Harrison hit for Okert. Harrison struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Aguilar at third base. Berti at second base. Pop pitching for Marlins. Jankowski reached on bunt single to catcher. León catching. Alfaro at first base. Maton hit for Falter. Jankowski stole second. Maton sacrificed to catcher, Jankowski to third. Segura popped out to shortstop. Realmuto singled to right, Jankowski scored. Harper grounded into fielder's choice to third, Realmuto out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Neris pitching for Phillies. Sierra struck out swinging. Marte grounded out to shortstop. León struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 4 - Phillies 7.	Realmuto's big day helps Phils take care of Marlins