Nationals - Top 1st. Howard pitching for Phillies. Escobar grounded out to second. Turner lined out to center. Soto struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Ross pitching for Nationals. Segura singled to right. Realmuto reached on infield single to catcher, Segura to second. Harper struck out swinging. Realmuto stole second, Segura stole third. McCutchen walked. Hoskins flied into double play, right to catcher, Segura thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Howard pitching for Phillies. Bell grounded out to second. Harrison flied out to center. Parra struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Ross pitching for Nationals. Gregorius popped out to first. Torreyes struck out swinging. Herrera struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Howard pitching for Phillies. Barrera singled to right center. Robles grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Barrera out at second. Ross lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Ross pitching for Nationals. Howard singled to right. Segura grounded out to shortstop, Howard to second. Realmuto flied out to right, Howard to third. Harper intentionally walked. McCutchen grounded into fielder's choice to third, Harper out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Howard pitching for Phillies. Escobar singled to right center. Turner singled to center, Escobar to second. Soto grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Turner out at second, Escobar to third. Bell tripled to deep right, Escobar scored. Harrison tripled to left, Bell scored. Parra singled to right, Harrison scored. Kintzler pitching for Phillies. Barrera singled to center, Parra to second. Robles singled to right, Parra scored, Robles to second, Barrera to third. Ross grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Ross pitching for Nationals. Hoskins lined out to center. Gregorius flied out to right. Torreyes grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Brogdon pitching for Phillies. Escobar grounded out to second. Turner lined out to third. Soto struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Ross pitching for Nationals. Herrera grounded out to second. Moniak hit for Brogdon. Moniak struck out swinging. Segura hit by pitch. Realmuto grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Alvarado pitching for Phillies. Bell grounded out to third. Harrison walked. Harrison to second on wild pitch by Alvarado. Parra struck out swinging. Barrera walked. Robles walked, Barrera to second, Harrison to third. Zimmerman hit for Ross. Zimmerman lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Voth pitching for Nationals. Harper singled to center. McCutchen doubled to deep left center, Harper to third. Hoskins homered to left (409 feet), Harper scored and McCutchen scored. Gregorius singled to center. Torreyes sacrificed to pitcher, Gregorius to second. Herrera grounded out to third, Gregorius to third. Miller hit for Alvarado. Clay pitching for Nationals. Miller struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Neris pitching for Phillies. Escobar struck out swinging. Turner grounded out to second. Soto walked. Soto to second on balk. Bell intentionally walked. Harrison lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Finnegan pitching for Nationals. Segura flied out to right. Realmuto struck out swinging. Harper walked. McCutchen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Neris pitching for Phillies. Parra flied out to shortstop. Barrera struck out swinging. Robles struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Hudson pitching for Nationals. Hoskins flied out to right. Gregorius singled to right. Torreyes flied out to right. Herrera singled to left, Gregorius to second. Bohm hit for Neris. Bohm struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Bradley pitching for Phillies. Stevenson hit for Hudson. Stevenson grounded out to pitcher. Escobar singled to right. Turner reached on infield single to pitcher, Escobar to second. Soto walked, Turner to second, Escobar to third. Escobar scored, Bell safe at first on fielding error by shortstop Gregorius, Soto to second, Turner to third. Harrison flied out to right. Parra flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 9th. Hand pitching for Nationals. Segura doubled to right. Segura to third on wild pitch by Hand. Realmuto struck out swinging. Harper walked. McCutchen homered to right (366 feet), Segura scored and Harper scored. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 5 - Phillies 6.	McCutchen's 3-run HR in 9th gives Phillies 6-5 win over Nats