Phillies - Top 1st. Keller pitching for Pirates. Segura lined out to right. Jankowski doubled to left. Harper struck out looking. Realmuto singled to left, Jankowski scored, Realmuto to second. Miller lined out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Gibson pitching for Phillies. Gamel flied out to center. Difo popped out to shortstop. Reynolds grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Keller pitching for Pirates. Bohm singled to right. Gregorius singled to right, Bohm to third. Herrera grounded into fielder's choice to first, Gregorius to second, Bohm out at home. Gibson bunted into fielder's choice to first, Herrera to second, Gregorius out at third. Segura doubled to deep right, Gibson scored and Herrera scored. Jankowski grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Gibson pitching for Phillies. Polanco struck out looking. Nogowski grounded out to pitcher. Castro grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Keller pitching for Pirates. Harper doubled to deep left. Realmuto grounded into fielder's choice to third, Harper out at third. Miller flied out to center. Bohm flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Gibson pitching for Phillies. Park grounded out to first. Perez flied out to left. Keller walked. Gamel singled to right center, Keller to third. Difo singled to right, Keller scored, Gamel to second. Reynolds walked, Difo to second, Gamel to third. Polanco grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Keller pitching for Pirates. Gregorius flied out to left. Herrera grounded out to third. Gibson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Gibson pitching for Phillies. Nogowski flied out to left. Castro grounded out to first. Park struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Keller pitching for Pirates. Segura flied out to center. Jankowski grounded out to shortstop. Harper doubled to left. Realmuto doubled to deep left, Harper scored. Miller flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Gibson pitching for Phillies. Perez struck out swinging. Evans hit for Keller. Evans grounded out to shortstop. Gamel lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Ponce pitching for Pirates. Bohm singled to center. Gregorius hit ground rule double to deep right, Bohm to third. Herrera hit sacrifice fly to center, Bohm scored, Gregorius to third. Gibson struck out swinging. Segura doubled to deep center, Gregorius scored. Jankowski grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Gibson pitching for Phillies. Difo singled to right. Reynolds flied out to center. Polanco struck out swinging. Nogowski lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Ponce pitching for Pirates. Harper doubled to center. Realmuto reached on infield single to third, Harper to third. Miller flied out to center. Bohm struck out swinging, Realmuto stole second. Gregorius singled to center, Harper scored and Realmuto scored, Gregorius to second. Gregorius to third on wild pitch by Ponce. Herrera reached on infield single to catcher. Gibson struck out looking. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Gibson pitching for Phillies. Castro struck out swinging. Park doubled to deep right. Perez singled to right, Park to third. Newman hit for Ponce. Newman hit sacrifice fly to center, Park scored. Bradley pitching for Phillies. Gamel grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Oviedo pitching for Pirates. Segura walked. Jankowski walked, Segura to second. Harper walked, Jankowski to second, Segura to third. Realmuto singled to left, Jankowski scored and Segura scored, Harper to second. Miller walked, Realmuto to second, Harper to third. Mears pitching for Pirates. Bohm walked, Harper scored, Miller to second, Realmuto to third. Gregorius hit sacrifice fly to center, Realmuto scored. Herrera singled to center, Miller scored, Bohm to second. Torreyes hit for Bradley. Torreyes reached on infield single to pitcher, Herrera to second, Bohm to third. Williams hit for Segura. Williams struck out swinging. Jankowski struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Williams in right field. Hammer pitching for Phillies. Torreyes at second base. Difo grounded out to shortstop. Reynolds flied out to right. Polanco fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Marchan hit for Hammer. John Nogowski pitching for Pirates. Stallings at first base. Marchan singled to left. Realmuto doubled to deep right, Marchan to third. Miller grounded out to second, Marchan scored, Realmuto to third. Bohm grounded out to second, Realmuto scored. Gregorius grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Marchan at first base. Kennedy pitching for Phillies. Nogowski flied out to center. Castro singled to left. Park struck out looking. Perez homered to right (392 feet), Castro scored. Stallings struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 15 - Pirates 4.	Gibson excels in Phils debut; Realmuto, Harper pound Pirates