Cardinals - Top 1st . Teheran pitching for Braves . Carpenter grounded out to first . Hazelbaker walked . Holliday flied out to center . Hazelbaker stole second . Moss walked . Piscotty walked , Hazelbaker to third , Moss to second . Molina grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Piscotty out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Aybar walked . Markakis flied out to center . Freeman walked , Aybar to second . García struck out swinging . Pierzynski flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Teheran pitching for Braves . Wong singled to right . Wong to second on passed ball by Pierzynski . Díaz struck out looking . Wong to third on wild pitch by Teherán . Martínez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Wong scored . Martínez to second on wild pitch by Teherán . Carpenter doubled to deep right , Martínez scored . Hazelbaker flied out to left . Holliday struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Johnson safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Díaz . Stubbs struck out swinging . Peterson struck out swinging . Teherán struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Teheran pitching for Braves . Moss struck out swinging . Piscotty singled to left . Molina flied out to right . Wong safe at third on error by right fielder Markakis , Piscotty scored . Díaz intentionally walked . Martínez grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Aybar singled to left . Aybar to second on wild pitch by Martínez . Markakis doubled to deep left center , Aybar scored . Freeman singled to left , Markakis scored . García flied out to center . Pierzynski grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Freeman out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Teheran pitching for Braves . Carpenter singled to center . Hazelbaker reached on bunt single to third , Carpenter to second . Holliday grounded out to pitcher , Carpenter to third , Hazelbaker to second . Moss hit sacrifice fly to left , Carpenter scored , Hazelbaker to third . Piscotty reached on infield single to shortstop , Hazelbaker scored . Molina struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Johnson flied out to center . Stubbs popped out to first . Peterson singled to right . Olivera hit for Teherán . Olivera safe at first on error by third baseman Carpenter , Peterson to second . Aybar flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 5th . Ogando pitching for Braves . Wong singled to left . Díaz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wong safe at second on error by shortstop Aybar . Martínez singled to right , Wong scored , Díaz to second . Carpenter walked , Díaz to third , Martínez to second . Hazelbaker hit sacrifice fly to left , Díaz scored . Holliday grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Carpenter out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 5th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Markakis grounded out to first . Freeman fouled out to left . García struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Ogando pitching for Braves . Moss flied out to left . Piscotty flied out to center . Molina flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Pierzynski grounded out to second . Johnson walked . Stubbs grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Johnson out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Ramírez pitching for Braves . Wong reached on infield single to second . Díaz singled to center , Wong to second . Adams hit for Martínez . Adams flied out to right , Wong to third . Carpenter walked , Díaz to second . Wong scored , Díaz to third , Carpenter to second on wild pitch by Ramírez . Hazelbaker struck out swinging . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Lyons pitching for Cardinals . Moss in left field . Adams at first base . Peterson grounded out to shortstop . Francoeur hit for Ramírez . Francoeur struck out swinging . Aybar grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Gant pitching for Braves . Moss doubled to deep right . Piscotty struck out swinging . Molina singled to right , Moss scored . Fryer ran for Molina . Wong struck out looking . Díaz tripled to deep right center , Fryer scored . Adams struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Garcia at third base . Fryer catching . Lyons pitching for Cardinals . Markakis lined out to center . Freeman flied out to right . García grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Grilli pitching for Braves . Garcia walked . Hazelbaker struck out swinging . Grichuk hit for Lyons . Grichuk flied out to center . Moss walked , Garcia to second . Piscotty walked , Garcia to third , Moss to second . Vizcaíno pitching for Braves . Fryer reached on infield single to shortstop , Garcia scored , Moss to third , Piscotty to second . Wong safe at first on error by third baseman García , Moss scored , Piscotty to third , Fryer to second . Díaz grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Fryer out at third , Wong to second . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 9th . Maness pitching for Cardinals . Pierzynski grounded out to first . Johnson safe at first on error by first baseman Adams . Stubbs struck out looking . Peterson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Cardinals 12 - Braves 2 .	Martinez leads Cardinals to 12 - 2 win over struggling Braves