Dodgers - Top 1st . Perez pitching for Braves . Utley grounded out to second . Seager flied out to center . Turner flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Wood pitching for Dodgers . Markakis singled to center . Castro bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Markakis out at second . Freeman singled to center , Castro to second . García walked , Castro to third , Freeman to second . Francoeur hit sacrifice fly to right , Castro scored , Freeman to third . Flowers singled to right , Freeman scored , García to second . Aybar struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Perez pitching for Braves . Gonzalez walked . Puig grounded into double play , second to first , Gonzalez out at second . Grandal walked . Grandal to second on wild pitch by Pérez . Kendrick struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Wood pitching for Dodgers . Smith bunt grounded out to third . Pérez fouled out to first . Markakis hit by pitch . Castro lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Perez pitching for Braves . Pederson walked . Wood sacrificed to catcher , Pederson to second . Utley flied out to center . Seager flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Wood pitching for Dodgers . Freeman grounded out to first . García hit by pitch . Francoeur singled to right , García to third . Flowers singled to right , García scored , Francoeur to second . Aybar grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Francoeur safe at third on error by third baseman Turner , Flowers to second . Smith walked , Francoeur scored , Flowers to third , Aybar to second . Pérez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Smith out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 4th . Perez pitching for Braves . Turner grounded out to third . Gonzalez singled to left . Puig singled to left center , Gonzalez to second . Weber pitching for Braves . Grandal grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Puig out at second , Gonzalez to third . Kendrick struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Wood pitching for Dodgers . Markakis grounded out to shortstop . Castro grounded out to second . Freeman walked . García safe at first on error by shortstop Seager , Freeman to third . Francoeur singled to center , Freeman scored , García to second . García to third , Francoeur to second on passed ball by Grandal . Flowers reached on infield single to first , García scored , Francoeur to third . Aybar grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Flowers out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 5th . Weber pitching for Braves . Pederson reached on infield single to second . Thompson hit for Wood . Thompson struck out swinging . Utley singled to right , Pederson to third . Seager grounded out to first , Pederson scored , Utley to second . Turner lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Liberatore pitching for Dodgers . Smith grounded out to pitcher . Weber grounded out to shortstop . Markakis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Weber pitching for Braves . Gonzalez singled to center . Puig flied out to center . Grandal flied out to left . Kendrick grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gonzalez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . García pitching for Dodgers . Castro singled to right . Freeman flied out to left . García grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Castro out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Weber pitching for Braves . Pederson struck out swinging . Hernández hit for García . Hernández flied out to center . Utley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Coleman pitching for Dodgers . Kendrick at second base . Hernández in left field . Francoeur safe at first on error by third baseman Turner . Flowers singled to left , Francoeur to second . Aybar struck out swinging . Howell pitching for Dodgers . Francoeur to third , Flowers to second on wild pitch by Howell . Smith doubled to deep left , Francoeur and Flowers scored . Stubbs hit for Weber . Stubbs grounded out to shortstop , Smith to third . Markakis flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 8th . Cervenka pitching for Braves . Seager grounded out to second . Turner walked . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Withrow pitching for Braves . Puig lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Blanton pitching for Dodgers . Castro struck out swinging . Freeman flied out to right . García grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Castro at third base . Ogando pitching for Braves . Peterson at second base . Grandal grounded out to shortstop . Kendrick grounded out to second . Pederson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 1 - Braves 8 .	Bats of Flowers , Smith lead Braves to 4th straight win