Braves - Top 1st . Niese pitching for Pirates . Markakis walked . Inciarte sacrificed to catcher , Markakis to second . Freeman grounded out to second , Markakis to third . Francoeur struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Perez pitching for Braves . Jaso walked . McCutchen struck out swinging . Polanco reached on infield single to shortstop , Jaso to second . Freese reached on infield single to shortstop , Jaso to third , Polanco to second . Jaso scored , Polanco to third , Freese to second on wild pitch by Pérez . Cervelli grounded out to shortstop , Polanco scored , Freese to third . Joyce singled to right , Freese scored . Harrison flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Niese pitching for Pirates . Johnson reached on infield single to second . Flowers walked , Johnson to second . d'Arnaud grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Johnson out at third , Flowers to second . Aybar grounded into fielder 's choice to third , d'Arnaud out at second , Flowers to third . Pérez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Perez pitching for Braves . Mercer grounded out to third . Niese grounded out to third . Jaso singled to right . McCutchen grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jaso out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Niese pitching for Pirates . Markakis doubled to deep right . Inciarte grounded out to second , Markakis to third . Freeman struck out swinging . Francoeur lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Perez pitching for Braves . Polanco reached on infield single to second . Freese singled to center , Polanco to second . Cervelli singled to right , Polanco scored , Freese to second . Joyce flied out to center , Freese to third . Harrison grounded out to second , Freese scored , Cervelli to second . Mercer intentionally walked . Niese grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Niese pitching for Pirates . Johnson safe at first on error by first baseman Jaso . Flowers grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Johnson out at second . d'Arnaud tripled to deep right . Aybar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Perez pitching for Braves . Jaso grounded out to shortstop . McCutchen popped out to second . Polanco grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Niese pitching for Pirates . Pérez struck out swinging . Markakis struck out looking . Inciarte lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Perez pitching for Braves . Freese grounded out to shortstop . Cervelli grounded out to second . Joyce reached on infield single to second . Harrison tripled to deep right , Joyce scored . Mercer grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Niese pitching for Pirates . Freeman doubled to deep left . Francoeur homered to left ( 406 feet ) , Freeman scored . Johnson grounded out to second . Flowers grounded out to second . d'Arnaud struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Hanson hit for Niese . Perez pitching for Braves . Hanson struck out swinging . Jaso grounded out to second . McCutchen flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Feliz pitching for Pirates . Aybar flied out to right . Brignac hit for Pérez . Brignac struck out swinging . Markakis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Ogando pitching for Braves . Polanco singled to left center . Polanco stole second . Freese struck out swinging . Polanco to third on wild pitch by Ogando . Cervelli struck out swinging . Joyce homered to right ( 366 feet ) , Polanco scored . Harrison struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Luebke pitching for Pirates . Inciarte singled to left . Freeman doubled to center , Inciarte to third . Francoeur grounded out to second , Inciarte scored , Freeman to third . Johnson homered to center ( 414 feet ) , Freeman scored . Hughes pitching for Pirates . Flowers singled to left . d'Arnaud popped out to shortstop . Aybar flied out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Ogando pitching for Braves . Mercer singled to right . Figueroa hit for Hughes . O'Flaherty pitching for Braves . Figueroa singled to center , Mercer to second . Rodriguez hit for Jaso . Rodriguez singled to right , Mercer to third , Figueroa to second . McCutchen struck out swinging . Polanco fouled out to third . Freese struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Rodriguez at first base . Melancon pitching for Pirates . Smith hit for O'Flaherty . Smith struck out looking . Markakis grounded out to second . Inciarte grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 5 - Pirates 8 .	Joyce , Niese lead Pirates to 8 - 5 win over Braves