Rockies - Top 1st . Harrell pitching for Braves . Blackmon lined out to left . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . Arenado walked . Arenado to second on wild pitch by Harrell . González singled to center , Arenado scored . Story walked , González to second . Descalso struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Beckham fouled out to catcher . García walked . García to second on wild pitch by De La Rosa . Freeman struck out swinging . Markakis grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Harrell pitching for Braves . Reynolds struck out swinging . Hundley grounded out to second . De La Rosa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Francoeur grounded out to third . Pierzynski singled to right . Inciarte singled to right , Pierzynski to third . Aybar grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Inciarte out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Harrell pitching for Braves . Blackmon doubled to deep left center . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop , Blackmon to third . Arenado singled to left , Blackmon scored . González walked , Arenado to second . Story reached on infield single to pitcher , González to third , Arenado to third , Arenado and González scored , Story to third on throwing error by pitcher Harrell . Descalso hit sacrifice fly to right , Story scored . Reynolds struck out looking . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Harrell lined out to center . Beckham fouled out to first . García grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Harrell pitching for Braves . Hundley doubled to deep left center . De La Rosa bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Hundley out at third . Blackmon grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , De La Rosa out at second . Blackmon to second on passed ball by Pierzynski . LeMahieu tripled to deep right center , Blackmon scored . LeMahieu scored on Harrell 's wild pitch . Arenado reached on infield single to second . De La Cruz pitching for Braves . González singled to left , Arenado to second . Story fouled out to first . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Freeman grounded out to shortstop . Markakis walked . Francoeur struck out swinging . Pierzynski grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Markakis out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . De La Cruz pitching for Braves . Descalso grounded out to pitcher . Reynolds lined out to center . Hundley grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Inciarte doubled to left . Aybar grounded out to second , Inciarte to third . Snyder hit for De La Cruz . Snyder doubled to deep right , Inciarte scored . Beckham fouled out to first . García singled to right , Snyder thrown out at home . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Krol pitching for Braves . De La Rosa struck out swinging . Blackmon flied out to right . LeMahieu struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Freeman walked . Markakis singled to right , Freeman to second . Francoeur singled to center , Freeman scored , Markakis to second . Pierzynski flied out to center . Inciarte flied out to left . Aybar grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Francoeur out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Krol pitching for Braves . Arenado struck out swinging , Arenado safe at first on wild pitch by Krol . González singled to center , Arenado to second . Story grounded into double play , third to second to first , González out at second . Descalso walked . Beckham at shortstop . Cabrera pitching for Braves . Peterson at second base . Reynolds flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Peterson reached on infield single to second . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Barnes in left field . Beckham walked , Peterson to second . García grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Beckham out at second , Peterson to third . Logan pitching for Rockies . Freeman grounded into double play , shortstop to first , García out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Cabrera pitching for Braves . Hundley struck out swinging . Barnes popped out to second . Blackmon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Logan pitching for Rockies . Markakis grounded out to second . Francoeur struck out swinging . Pierzynski grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Vizcaíno pitching for Braves . LeMahieu safe at first on error by second baseman Peterson . LeMahieu to second on wild pitch by Álvarez . Arenado walked . Álvarez pitching for Braves . González flied out to left . LeMahieu to third , Arenado to second on wild pitch by Álvarez . Story walked . Raburn hit for Logan . Raburn homered to right ( 366 feet ) , LeMahieu , Arenado and Story scored . Reynolds struck out swinging . Hundley flied out to right . 4 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 9th . Qualls pitching for Rockies . Inciarte popped out to third . Recker hit for Álvarez . Recker singled to right center . Peterson struck out swinging . Beckham struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 11 - Braves 2 .	Rockies use pair of 4 - run innings to pummel Braves 11 - 2