Nationals - Top 1st . Jenkins pitching for Braves . Turner lined out to center . Werth struck out looking . Murphy walked . Harper grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Inciarte lined out to left . García walked . Freeman lined out to left . Kemp walked , García to second . Markakis grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Jenkins pitching for Braves . Ramos grounded out to shortstop . Rendon grounded out to second . Zimmerman homered to left ( 392 feet ) . Difo struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Flowers doubled to deep right center . Peterson singled to left , Flowers to third . d'Arnaud grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Flowers scored , Peterson out at second . Jenkins struck out bunting foul . Inciarte hit ground rule double to deep left , d'Arnaud to third . García doubled to deep left , d'Arnaud and Inciarte scored . Freeman lined out to third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Jenkins pitching for Braves . Scherzer struck out swinging . Turner grounded out to shortstop . Werth lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Kemp grounded out to shortstop . Markakis grounded out to shortstop . Flowers grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Jenkins pitching for Braves . Murphy homered to right ( 363 feet ) . Harper walked . Ramos flied out to right . Harper stole second . Rendon singled to left , Harper scored , Rendon to second advancing on throw . Zimmerman singled to left , Rendon to third . Difo singled to right , Rendon scored , Zimmerman to second . Scherzer singled to right , Zimmerman scored , Difo to third . Turner homered to left center ( 395 feet ) , Difo and Scherzer scored . Werth reached on infield single to shortstop . Weber pitching for Braves . Murphy singled to right , Werth to third . Harper singled to center , Werth scored , Murphy to second . Ramos grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Harper out at second . 8 Runs , 9 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Peterson struck out swinging . d'Arnaud struck out swinging . Weber grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Weber pitching for Braves . Rendon singled to left . Zimmerman singled to left , Rendon to second . Difo grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Zimmerman out at second , Rendon to third . Scherzer grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Difo out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Inciarte walked . García popped out to shortstop . Freeman struck out swinging . Kemp singled to center , Inciarte to second . Markakis fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Weber pitching for Braves . Turner struck out looking . Werth struck out looking . Murphy singled to left . Harper singled to center , Murphy to third . Ramos grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Flowers grounded out to third . Peterson struck out swinging . d'Arnaud struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Weber pitching for Braves . Rendon singled to left center . Zimmerman grounded out to third , Rendon to second . Difo grounded out to second , Rendon to third . Scherzer reached on infield single to shortstop , Rendon scored . Turner struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Beckham hit for Weber . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Beckham popped out to second . Inciarte doubled to deep right . Treinen pitching for Nationals . García flied out to right , Inciarte to third . Inciarte scored on Treinen 's wild pitch . Freeman walked . Freeman to second on passed ball by Ramos . Kemp struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Vizcaíno pitching for Braves . Werth walked . Murphy lined out to center . Harper grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Werth out at second . Ramos struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Belisle pitching for Nationals . Markakis flied out to right . Flowers singled to left . Peterson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Flowers safe at second on error by shortstop Difo . d'Arnaud singled to right , Flowers to third , Peterson to second . Francoeur hit for Vizcaíno . Francoeur singled to right , Flowers scored , Peterson to third , d'Arnaud to second . Kelley pitching for Nationals . Inciarte grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Peterson scored , Francoeur out at second , d'Arnaud to third . García grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 9th . Ramírez pitching for Braves . Rendon doubled to deep right . Rendon to third on passed ball by Flowers . Zimmerman hit sacrifice fly to center , Rendon scored . Difo struck out looking . Heisey hit for Kelley . Heisey struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 9th . Glover pitching for Nationals . Freeman singled to center . Kemp grounded out to pitcher , Freeman to second . Markakis lined out to left . Flowers walked . Peterson doubled to left , Freeman scored , Flowers to third . Melancon pitching for Nationals . d'Arnaud singled to center , Flowers and Peterson scored . Recker hit for Ramírez . Recker popped out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 11 - Braves 9 .	Zimmerman 's return sparks Nationals to 11 - 9 win over Braves