Marlins - Top 1st . Wisler pitching for Braves . Gordon grounded out to second . Suzuki walked . Prado flied out to right . Yelich singled to right , Suzuki to second . Ozuna flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Esch pitching for Marlins . Inciarte singled to left center . García flied out to right . Freeman homered to left center ( 422 feet ) , Inciarte scored . Kemp lined out to left . Markakis lined out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Wisler pitching for Braves . Bour grounded out to first . Realmuto singled to center . Hechavarría grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Realmuto out at second . Esch batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Esch pitching for Marlins . Flowers lined out to second . Peterson grounded out to second . Swanson singled to left . Wisler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Wisler pitching for Braves . Esch reached on infield single to shortstop . Gordon singled to center , Esch to second . Suzuki singled to right , Esch scored , Gordon to second . Prado fouled out to right , Gordon to third . Yelich doubled to deep right center , Gordon and Suzuki scored . Ozuna popped out to second . Bour grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Esch pitching for Marlins . Inciarte grounded out to first . García singled to left . Freeman grounded into double play , third to shortstop to first , García out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Wisler pitching for Braves . Realmuto singled to left . Hechavarría popped out to first . Esch bunt popped out to first . Gordon grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Realmuto out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Esch pitching for Marlins . Kemp homered to left center ( 425 feet ) . Markakis lined out to left . Flowers singled to right . Peterson doubled to deep center , Flowers to third . Swanson intentionally walked . Wisler struck out swinging . Nicolino pitching for Marlins . Inciarte grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Wisler pitching for Braves . Suzuki tripled to deep right . Prado grounded out to shortstop . Yelich walked . Ozuna singled to left , Suzuki scored , Yelich to second . Bour singled to right center , Yelich scored , Ozuna to third . Roe pitching for Braves . Realmuto grounded out to second , Ozuna scored , Bour to second . Hechavarría struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Nicolino pitching for Marlins . García struck out swinging . Freeman grounded out to shortstop . Kemp struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Roe pitching for Braves . Nicolino grounded out to shortstop . Gordon struck out swinging . Suzuki grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Nicolino pitching for Marlins . Markakis grounded out to second . Flowers safe at first on error by shortstop Hechavarría . Peterson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Flowers out at second . Brice pitching for Marlins . Swanson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 7th . Roe pitching for Braves . Prado flied out to center . Yelich walked . Ozuna grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Yelich out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Snyder hit for Roe . Brice pitching for Marlins . Snyder singled to left . Inciarte hit by pitch , Snyder to second . García grounded out to third , Snyder to third , Inciarte to second . Freeman hit sacrifice fly to center , Snyder scored . Dunn pitching for Marlins . Freeman hit sacrifice fly to center , Snyder scored . Dunn pitching for Marlins . Suzuki in right field . Barraclough pitching for Marlins . Francoeur in left field . Kemp walked . Inciarte stole third . Markakis singled to right , Inciarte scored , Kemp to third . Flowers walked , Markakis to second . Peterson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Flowers out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Withrow pitching for Braves . Bour walked . Pérez ran for Bour . Pérez stole second . Realmuto hit by pitch . Hechavarría sacrificed to pitcher , Pérez to third , Realmuto to second . Francoeur struck out looking . Pérez scored , Realmuto to third on wild pitch by Withrow . Gordon grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Rojas at first base . Barraclough pitching for Marlins . Swanson struck out looking . Beckham hit for Withrow . Beckham struck out looking . Inciarte grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Simmons pitching for Braves . Suzuki grounded out to second . Prado safe at first on error by second baseman Peterson . Prado to second on passed ball by Flowers . Yelich grounded out to first , Prado to third . Stanton hit for Barraclough . Stanton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 9th . Ramos pitching for Marlins . García popped out to shortstop . Freeman struck out swinging . Kemp struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 7 - Braves 5 .	Suzuki leads Marlins past Braves with 900th multihit game