Pirates - Top 1st. Dempster pitching for Cubs. McLouth singled to right center. Sanchez singled to right, McLouth to second. Bay grounded into double play, third to first, McLouth out at third, Sanchez to second. LaRoche grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 1st. Duke pitching for Pirates. Johnson doubled to deep center. Theriot singled to center, Johnson scored, Theriot to second advancing on throw. Lee grounded out to third. Ramirez grounded out to third. Murton grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Dempster pitching for Cubs. Nady grounded out to second. Doumit grounded out to pitcher. Bautista struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 2nd. Duke pitching for Pirates. DeRosa singled to left. Soto singled to center, DeRosa to second. Cedeno grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, DeRosa out at third, Soto to second. Dempster sacrificed to pitcher, Soto to third, Cedeno to second. Johnson popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Dempster pitching for Cubs. Bixler struck out swinging. Duke grounded out to catcher. McLouth flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 3rd. Duke pitching for Pirates. Theriot doubled to left. Lee singled to left, Theriot to third. Ramirez doubled to deep center, Theriot scored, Lee to third. Murton grounded out to shortstop, Lee scored, Ramirez to third. DeRosa grounded out to pitcher. Soto walked. Cedeno grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Soto out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Dempster pitching for Cubs. Sanchez flied out to right. Bay grounded out to third. LaRoche grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 4th. Duke pitching for Pirates. Dempster grounded out to shortstop. Johnson hit by pitch. Theriot doubled to deep right center, Johnson scored. Theriot stole third. Lee walked. Ramirez hit by pitch, Lee to second. Murton grounded out to first, Theriot scored, Lee to third, Ramirez to second. DeRosa flied out to right. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Dempster pitching for Cubs. Nady singled to left. Doumit lined out to left. Bautista hit ground rule double to deep center, Nady to third. Bixler hit by pitch. Mientkiewicz hit for Duke. Mientkiewicz singled to left, Nady scored, Bautista to third, Bixler to second. McLouth walked, Bautista scored, Bixler to third, Mientkiewicz to second. Sanchez grounded out to third, Bixler scored, Mientkiewicz to third, McLouth to second. Bay walked. LaRoche struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 5th. Osoria pitching for Pirates. Soto singled to left. Cedeno doubled to left, Soto scored. Fontenot hit for Dempster. Fontenot safe at first on error by first baseman LaRoche, Cedeno scored. Johnson reached on infield single to third, Fontenot to second. Theriot reached on bunt single to pitcher, Fontenot out at home, Johnson to second. Lee grounded into fielder's choice to third, Theriot out at second, Johnson to third, Johnson scored on throwing error by second baseman Sanchez. Ramirez homered to left center, Lee scored. Murton reached on infield single to pitcher. DeRosa flied out to center. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 2 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Howry pitching for Cubs. Nady struck out swinging. Doumit homered to right. Bautista struck out looking. Bixler struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 6th. Marte pitching for Pirates. Soto walked. Cedeno singled to right, Soto to second. Howry struck out bunting foul. Johnson flied out to center. Theriot walked, Soto to third, Cedeno to second. Lee singled to left, Soto and Cedeno scored, Theriot to second. Ramirez singled to right, Theriot scored, Lee to second. Murton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lee out at third, Ramirez to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Blanco catching. Gomez hit for Marte. Howry pitching for Cubs. Gomez singled to right. McLouth hit by pitch, Gomez to second. Sanchez grounded into fielder's choice to second, McLouth out at second, Gomez to third. Bay popped out to shortstop. LaRoche struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 7th. Dumatrait pitching for Pirates. Gomez at first base. DeRosa walked. Blanco walked, DeRosa to second. Cedeno struck out swinging. Pie hit for Howry. Pie struck out looking. Johnson lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Ward at first base. Wuertz pitching for Cubs. Nady lined out to right. Doumit homered to right. Bautista walked. Bixler grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Bautista safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Wuertz. Gomez flied out to left. McLouth grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cubs - Bottom 8th. Dumatrait pitching for Pirates. Theriot struck out swinging. Ward walked. Ramirez singled to left, Ward to second. Murton grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ramirez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Marshall pitching for Cubs. Sanchez grounded out to pitcher. Bay walked. Paulino hit for Dumatrait. Paulino doubled to deep right center, Bay scored. Nady grounded out to shortstop, Paulino to third. Doumit struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 6 - Cubs 13.	Cubs hammer out 18 hits to blast Pirates