Pirates - Top 1st. Pineiro pitching for Cardinals. Sanchez flied out to center. McLouth homered to right. Michaels grounded out to shortstop. LaRoche grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Snell pitching for Pirates. Schumaker flied out to left. Duncan singled to right. Pujols singled to left center, Duncan to third. Ankiel hit sacrifice fly to right, Duncan scored. Glaus singled to left, Pujols to second. Molina walked, Pujols to third, Glaus to second. Kennedy lined out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Pineiro pitching for Cardinals. Nady grounded out to third. Mientkiewicz doubled to deep right center. Paulino lined out to center. Gomez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Snell pitching for Pirates. Pineiro lined out to third. Ryan singled to center. Ryan stole second. Schumaker flied out to left. Duncan struck out swinging, Duncan safe at first on wild pitch by Snell, Ryan to third. Pujols grounded into fielder's choice to third, Duncan out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Pineiro pitching for Cardinals. Snell lined out to third. Sanchez lined out to second. McLouth grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Snell pitching for Pirates. Ankiel singled to left. Glaus singled to left, Ankiel to third. Molina grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ankiel scored, Glaus out at second. Kennedy grounded out to second, Molina to second. Pineiro struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Pineiro pitching for Cardinals. Michaels grounded out to pitcher. LaRoche struck out looking. Nady flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Snell pitching for Pirates. Ryan singled to right. Schumaker singled to right, Ryan to third. Duncan doubled to deep right center, Ryan and Schumaker scored. Pujols flied out to center. Ankiel grounded out to first, Duncan to third. Glaus singled to right, Duncan scored. Molina singled to center, Glaus to second. Kennedy grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Pineiro pitching for Cardinals. Mientkiewicz singled to center. Paulino singled to right center, Mientkiewicz to third. Gomez singled to left, Mientkiewicz scored, Paulino to second. Rivas hit for Snell. Rivas hit for Snell. Rivas struck out swinging. Rivas hit for Snell. Rivas hit for Snell. Rivas struck out swinging. Sanchez popped out to shortstop. McLouth walked, Paulino to third, Gomez to second. Michaels singled to left, Paulino and Gomez scored, McLouth to second. LaRoche flied out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Osoria pitching for Pirates. Barton hit for Pineiro. Barton struck out looking. Ryan grounded out to third. Schumaker flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Nady popped out to second. Mientkiewicz walked. Paulino struck out swinging. Gomez singled to right, Mientkiewicz to second. Bautista hit for Osoria. Mientkiewicz to third, Gomez to second on wild pitch by McClellan. Bautista struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Duncan grounded out to second. Pujols struck out swinging. Ankiel grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Sanchez lined out to second. Flores pitching for Cardinals. McLouth walked. Michaels struck out looking, McLouth stole second. McLouth to third on wild pitch by Flores. LaRoche walked. Nady grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Glaus walked. Molina walked, Glaus to second. Kennedy struck out bunting foul. Miles hit for Flores. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Miles flied out to right. Ryan flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Mientkiewicz walked. Paulino singled to left, Mientkiewicz to second. Gomez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Mientkiewicz scored on throwing error by pitcher Isringhausen, Paulino safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Isringhausen. Bay hit for Grabow. Bay homered to left, Paulino and Gomez scored. Sanchez grounded out to third. McLouth walked. Villone pitching for Cardinals. Michaels grounded into fielder's choice to second, McLouth out at second. LaRoche struck out looking. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Marte pitching for Pirates. Schumaker lined out to third. Duncan grounded out to second. Pujols singled to left. Ankiel flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Villone pitching for Cardinals. Nady lined out to right. Mientkiewicz singled to left. Mientkiewicz to second on wild pitch by Villone. Paulino lined out to second. Gomez singled to right, Mientkiewicz to third. Chavez hit for Marte. Chavez doubled to right, Mientkiewicz scored, Gomez to third. Sanchez singled to right, Gomez and Chavez scored. McLouth popped out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Capps pitching for Pirates. Glaus flied out to right. Molina singled to center. Kennedy singled to left, Molina to second. Ludwick hit for Villone. Ludwick popped out to third. Ryan struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 11 - Cardinals 5.	Pirates break through against Izzy, stun Cardinals