Pirates - Top 1st. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. McLouth grounded out to second. Wilson grounded out to second. Sanchez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Snell pitching for Pirates. Cabrera grounded out to second. Pierzynski doubled to deep center. Quentin walked. Thome walked, Pierzynski to third, Quentin to second. Dye doubled to left, Pierzynski and Quentin scored, Thome to third. Swisher walked. Crede grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Swisher out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Doumit walked. LaRoche doubled to deep right, Doumit to third. Michaels doubled to left center, Doumit and LaRoche scored. Mientkiewicz singled to right, Michaels scored. Bautista singled to left center, Mientkiewicz to second. Rivas sacrificed to pitcher, Mientkiewicz to third, Bautista to second. McLouth hit sacrifice fly to center, Mientkiewicz scored, Bautista to third. Wilson lined out to third. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Snell pitching for Pirates. Ramirez flied out to center. Wise fouled out to left. Cabrera walked. Pierzynski singled to right, Cabrera to second. Quentin walked, Cabrera to third, Pierzynski to second. Thome grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Sanchez grounded out to second. Doumit struck out swinging. LaRoche fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Snell pitching for Pirates. Dye homered to left. Swisher hit ground rule double to deep left center. Crede grounded out to second, Swisher to third. Ramirez singled to left, Swisher scored. Wise singled to right, Ramirez to second. Ramirez to third, Wise to second on balk by Snell. Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to right, Ramirez scored, Wise to third. Pierzynski flied out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Michaels struck out swinging. Mientkiewicz grounded out to second. Bautista homered to left. Rivas grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Snell pitching for Pirates. Quentin popped out to shortstop. Thome flied out to left. Dye grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. McLouth flied out to center. Wilson walked. Sanchez grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Wilson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Snell pitching for Pirates. Swisher walked. Crede doubled to left, Swisher scored, Crede to third advancing on throw. Ramirez singled to center, Crede scored. Osoria pitching for Pirates. Wise grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Ramirez out at second. Cabrera reached on infield single to third. Pierzynski flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Doumit grounded out to second. LaRoche flied out to center. Michaels struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Osoria pitching for Pirates. Quentin struck out swinging. Thome doubled to deep right. Dye grounded out to shortstop. Swisher doubled to right, Thome scored. Crede homered to left, Swisher scored. Ramirez struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Dotel pitching for White Sox. Mientkiewicz popped out to second. Bautista walked. Rivas grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bautista out at second. McLouth struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Salas pitching for Pirates. Chavez catching. Wise singled to center. Cabrera homered to left, Wise scored. Pierzynski singled to shallow left center. Pierzynski to second on wild pitch by Salas. Quentin walked. Thome homered to right, Pierzynski and Quentin scored. Anderson hit for Dye. Anderson flied out to left. Swisher singled to right center. Ozuna hit for Crede. Ozuna hit by pitch, Swisher to second. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Ramirez flied out to left. Wise flied out to left. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Anderson in center field. Ozuna at third base. Wise in right field. Masset pitching for White Sox. Wilson singled to right center. Sanchez lined out to right. Chavez grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Wilson safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Masset. LaRoche grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Chavez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Cabrera doubled to deep center. Pierzynski grounded out to first, Cabrera to third. Quentin hit sacrifice fly to right, Cabrera scored. Uribe hit for Thome. Uribe flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Russell pitching for White Sox. Michaels flied out to center. Mientkiewicz grounded out to second. Bautista struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 5 - White Sox 16.	4 players homer in ChiSox romp