Yankees - Top 1st. Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates. Cabrera walked. Jeter grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cabrera out at second. Abreu walked. Abreu stole second. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Rasner pitching for Yankees. McLouth doubled to deep right center. McLouth to third on wild pitch by Rasner. Sanchez singled to left, McLouth scored, Sanchez to second on error by left fielder Christian. Bay flied out to right. Doumit grounded out to pitcher, Sanchez to third. LaRoche singled to center, Sanchez scored. Mientkiewicz grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 2nd. Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates. Giambi flied out to right. Posada grounded out to shortstop. Cano singled to shallow left. Christian flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Rasner pitching for Yankees. Bautista struck out swinging. Wilson popped out to shortstop. Gorzelanny struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates. Rasner walked. Cabrera walked, Rasner to second. Jeter grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Cabrera out at second, Rasner to third. Abreu grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Jeter out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Rasner pitching for Yankees. McLouth popped out to second. Sanchez singled to left. Bay doubled to deep center, Sanchez scored. Doumit struck out swinging. LaRoche grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates. Rodriguez flied out to center. Giambi flied out to right. Posada doubled to deep left. Cano singled to left, Posada scored. Christian singled to left, Cano to second. Rasner walked, Cano to third, Christian to second. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rasner out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Rasner pitching for Yankees. Mientkiewicz singled to right. Bautista homered to left, Mientkiewicz scored. Wilson lined out to second. Gorzelanny struck out swinging. McLouth flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates. Jeter flied out to center. Abreu struck out looking. Rodriguez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Rasner pitching for Yankees. Sanchez grounded out to third. Bay flied out to center. Doumit homered to right. LaRoche tripled to deep center. LaRoche scored on Rasner's wild pitch. Mientkiewicz singled to right. Bautista popped out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates. Giambi hit by pitch. Posada lined out to third. Cano doubled to deep right, Giambi to third. Christian doubled to left, Giambi and Cano scored. Molina hit for Rasner. Molina flied out to right. Cabrera flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Hawkins pitching for Yankees. Wilson singled to right. Rivas hit for Gorzelanny. Rivas grounded into double play, third to second to first, Wilson out at second. McLouth doubled to deep left center. Sanchez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Yates pitching for Pirates. Jeter hit ground rule double to shallow right. Abreu popped out to shortstop. Rodriguez grounded out to third. Marte pitching for Pirates. Giambi struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Hawkins pitching for Yankees. Bay doubled to deep left. Doumit singled to right, Bay to third. LaRoche singled to right, Bay scored, Doumit to third. Mientkiewicz hit sacrifice fly to right, Doumit scored. Bautista grounded into double play, second to first, LaRoche out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Morgan in left field. Michaels in right field. Marte pitching for Pirates. Posada flied out to right. Cano flied out to left. Christian flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Hawkins pitching for Yankees. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. Gomez hit for Marte. Gomez singled to right. McLouth flied out to left. Sanchez singled to left, Gomez to second. Ramirez pitching for Yankees. Morgan doubled to deep right, Gomez and Sanchez scored. Doumit doubled to deep center, Morgan scored. LaRoche flied out to right. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Gomez at second base. Osoria pitching for Pirates. Betemit hit for Ramirez. Betemit safe at first on error by first baseman LaRoche. Cabrera grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Betemit out at first. Jeter walked. Abreu homered to right center, Jeter scored. Rodriguez grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 5 - Pirates 12.	Yanks fall in 1st trip to Pittsburgh since '60