Pirates - Top 1st. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. McLouth lined out to center. Sanchez doubled to deep left center, Sanchez to third on error by left fielder Holliday. Doumit singled to center, Sanchez scored. Bay struck out swinging. LaRoche hit ground rule double to deep center, Doumit to third. Michaels walked. Bautista struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Herrera pitching for Pirates. Podsednik singled to center. Baker singled to left, Podsednik to second. Holliday hit by pitch, Podsednik to third, Baker to second. Atkins hit sacrifice fly to right, Podsednik scored. Hawpe grounded into fielder's choice to first, Holliday out at second, Baker to third. Torrealba singled to right, Baker scored, Hawpe to second. Stewart singled to right center, Hawpe scored, Torrealba to third. Quintanilla doubled to left, Torrealba and Stewart scored, Quintanilla to third advancing on throw. De La Rosa grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Herrera grounded out to first. Wilson flied out to center. McLouth struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Herrera pitching for Pirates. Podsednik doubled to deep left. Baker struck out swinging. Holliday grounded out to shortstop. Atkins singled to left, Podsednik scored, Atkins to second on error by left fielder Bay. Atkins to third on wild pitch by Herrera. Hawpe doubled to left, Atkins scored. Beam pitching for Pirates. Torrealba grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 3rd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Sanchez reached on infield single to shortstop. Doumit flied out to center. Bay flied out to left. LaRoche struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Beam pitching for Pirates. Stewart flied out to left. Quintanilla grounded out to second. De La Rosa grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Michaels singled to right. Bautista struck out looking. Beam grounded out to pitcher, Michaels to second. Wilson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Beam pitching for Pirates. Podsednik hit ground rule double to deep left. Baker grounded out to first, Podsednik to third. Holliday flied out to center. Atkins flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. McLouth singled to center. Sanchez singled to center, McLouth to second. Doumit grounded into double play, third to second to first, Sanchez out at second, McLouth to third. Bay walked. LaRoche struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Beam pitching for Pirates. Hawpe singled to right. Torrealba flied out to right. Stewart struck out swinging. Quintanilla struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Michaels popped out to second. Bautista flied out to center. Gomez hit for Beam. Gomez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Salas pitching for Pirates. Rusch hit for De La Rosa. Rusch grounded out to second. Podsednik doubled to right. Baker lined out to center. Holliday grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Herges pitching for Rockies. Wilson flied out to right. McLouth grounded out to second. Sanchez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Salas pitching for Pirates. Atkins flied out to left. Hawpe singled to center. Torrealba struck out swinging. Stewart flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Vizcaino pitching for Rockies. Doumit flied out to left. Bay grounded out to second. LaRoche struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Osoria pitching for Pirates. Quintanilla doubled to deep center. Smith hit for Vizcaino. Smith grounded out to second, Quintanilla to third. Podsednik grounded out to second. Baker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Speier pitching for Rockies. Smith in left field. Michaels grounded out to third. Bautista struck out swinging. Nady hit for Osoria. Nady singled to center. Wilson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Nady out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 1 - Rockies 7.	Podsednik's four hits power Rockies past Pirates