Pirates - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Astros. McLouth singled to right. Sanchez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, McLouth out at second. Doumit lined out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Van Benschoten pitching for Pirates. Matsui reached on infield single to second. Matsui stole second. Bourn walked. Berkman grounded into fielder's choice to first, Bourn out at second, Matsui to third. Lee grounded into double play, third to second to first, Berkman out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Astros. Bay reached on infield single to shortstop. Nady struck out swinging. LaRoche singled to right, Bay to second. Bautista fouled out to third. Van Benschoten walked, Bay to third, LaRoche to second. Wilson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Van Benschoten pitching for Pirates. Tejada grounded out to third. Pence struck out swinging. Wigginton walked. Ausmus grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Astros. McLouth grounded out to second. Sanchez singled to center. Doumit grounded out to first, Sanchez to second. Bay reached on infield single to shortstop, Sanchez scored. Nady singled to left, Bay to second. LaRoche flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Van Benschoten pitching for Pirates. Hernandez grounded out to shortstop. Matsui doubled to deep left. Bourn grounded out to second, Matsui to third. Berkman walked. Lee singled to shallow right, Matsui scored, Berkman to second. Tejada grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Astros. Bautista grounded out to third. Van Benschoten struck out swinging. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Van Benschoten pitching for Pirates. Pence safe at first on error by third baseman Bautista. Pence stole second. Wigginton struck out swinging. Ausmus doubled to right, Pence scored. Hernandez struck out swinging. Matsui grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Astros. McLouth doubled to deep right. Sanchez singled to right, McLouth scored. Doumit grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Sanchez out at second. Bay flied out to center. Nady struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Van Benschoten pitching for Pirates. Bourn reached on infield single to third. Berkman walked, Bourn to second. Lee singled to left, Bourn scored, Berkman to third. Tejada popped out to first. Pence grounded into fielder's choice to third, Berkman out at home, Lee to second. Wigginton struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Astros. LaRoche walked. Bautista grounded into fielder's choice to second, LaRoche out at second. Mientkiewicz hit for Van Benschoten. Geary pitching for Astros. Loretta at third base. Mientkiewicz walked, Bautista to second. Wilson popped out to second. McLouth flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Ausmus walked. Loretta flied out to center. Matsui singled to left, Ausmus to second. Bourn walked, Ausmus to third, Matsui to second. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Berkman struck out swinging. Lee flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Geary pitching for Astros. Sanchez popped out to second. Doumit struck out swinging. Bay singled to left. Nady reached on infield single to third, Bay to second. LaRoche struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Tejada grounded out to third. Pence reached on infield single to third. Newhan hit for Geary. Newhan struck out swinging. Ausmus singled to left center, Pence to second. Loretta grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ausmus out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Brocail pitching for Astros. Bautista singled to shallow left. Gomez hit for Grabow. Gomez struck out swinging. Wilson struck out looking. McLouth singled to center, Bautista to third. Sanchez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, McLouth out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Yates pitching for Pirates. Matsui flied out to left. Bourn bunt grounded out to pitcher. Berkman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Erstad in left field. Valverde pitching for Astros. Doumit flied out to left. Bay homered to left. Nady singled to center. LaRoche homered to left, Nady scored. Bautista singled to left. Michaels hit for Yates. Michaels walked, Bautista to second. Wilson singled to center, Bautista scored, Michaels to second. Byrdak pitching for Astros. McLouth struck out looking. Sanchez inside-the-park home run to deep right, Michaels and Wilson scored. Doumit struck out swinging. 7 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 9th. Bautista pitching for Pirates. Erstad singled to left. Tejada struck out swinging. Erstad to second on wild pitch by Bautista. Pence struck out looking. Blum hit for Byrdak. Blum flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 9 - Astros 3.	Sanchez sparks struggling Bucs' late rally vs. Astros