Pirates - Top 1st. Moehler pitching for Astros. McLouth singled to center. Sanchez singled to right, McLouth to third. Doumit hit sacrifice fly to center, McLouth scored. Bay homered to left center, Sanchez scored. Nady singled to center. LaRoche lined out to third. Mientkiewicz singled to left center, Nady to second. Snell singled to right center, Nady scored, Mientkiewicz to third. Wilson fouled out to first. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Snell pitching for Pirates. Matsui walked. Bourn singled to left, Matsui to second. Berkman walked, Matsui to third, Bourn to second. Lee popped out to second. Loretta singled to center, Matsui and Bourn scored, Berkman to third. Pence grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Berkman scored, Loretta out at second. Pence stole second. Wigginton struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Moehler pitching for Astros. McLouth safe at second on error by first baseman Berkman. Sanchez doubled to deep right, McLouth scored. Doumit popped out to second. Bay grounded out to third, Sanchez to third. Nady grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Snell pitching for Pirates. Ausmus struck out swinging. Moehler struck out looking. Matsui homered to right. Bourn singled to left. Bourn stole second. Berkman walked. Lee struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Moehler pitching for Astros. LaRoche hit ground rule double to deep right. Mientkiewicz doubled to deep right, LaRoche scored. Snell grounded out to shortstop, Mientkiewicz to third. Sampson pitching for Astros. Wilson popped out to third. McLouth intentionally walked. Sanchez struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Snell pitching for Pirates. Loretta struck out looking. Pence popped out to second. Wigginton doubled to deep right center. Wigginton to third on wild pitch by Snell. Ausmus doubled to deep right center, Wigginton scored. Sampson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Sampson pitching for Astros. Doumit grounded out to first. Bay flied out to right. Nady grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Beam pitching for Pirates. Matsui walked. Bourn flied out to center. Matsui stole second. Berkman singled to center, Matsui scored. Lee flied out to center. Loretta singled to center, Berkman to second. Pence fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Sampson pitching for Astros. LaRoche grounded out to second. Mientkiewicz singled to right center. Gomez hit for Beam. Gomez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Mientkiewicz out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Osoria pitching for Pirates. Wigginton grounded out to shortstop. Ausmus grounded out to shortstop. Newhan hit for Sampson. Newhan flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Geary pitching for Astros. Wilson fouled out to first. McLouth struck out swinging. Sanchez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Osoria pitching for Pirates. Matsui grounded out to shortstop. Bourn lined out to first. Berkman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Geary pitching for Astros. Doumit singled to center. Bay popped out to second. Nady singled to left, Doumit to second. LaRoche walked, Doumit to third, Nady to second. Mientkiewicz singled to right, Doumit scored, Nady to third, LaRoche to second. Michaels hit for Osoria. Michaels grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Nady scored, Mientkiewicz out at second, LaRoche to third. Wilson struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Yates pitching for Pirates. Lee singled to right. Loretta singled to center, Lee to second. Pence grounded into double play, third to first, Lee out at third, Loretta to second. Wigginton walked. Blum hit for Ausmus. Blum singled to right, Loretta scored, Wigginton to second. Erstad hit for Geary. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Erstad grounded into fielder's choice to third, Wigginton out at third, Blum to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Quintero catching. Wright pitching for Astros. McLouth walked. Sanchez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, McLouth out at second. Doumit flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Matsui walked. Bourn sacrificed to catcher, Matsui to second. Berkman flied out to center. Lee flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Brocail pitching for Astros. Bay grounded out to third. Nady popped out to first. LaRoche singled to center. Mientkiewicz walked, LaRoche to second. Bautista hit for Grabow. LaRoche to third, Mientkiewicz to second on wild pitch by Brocail. Bautista struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 9th. Marte pitching for Pirates. Bautista at third base. Loretta grounded out to third. Pence grounded out to second. Wigginton walked. Tejada hit for Brocail. Tejada struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 8 - Astros 7.	Bay's two-run HR gives Pirates first road sweep