Rockies - Top 1st. Snell pitching for Pirates. Taveras singled to center. Baker struck out swinging. Holliday homered to center, Taveras scored. Hawpe singled to left. Atkins flied out to right. Stewart lined out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. De Los Santos pitching for Rockies. McLouth walked. Wilson grounded into double play, third to second to first, McLouth out at second. Doumit grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Snell pitching for Pirates. Tulowitzki singled to center. Torrealba doubled to deep center, Tulowitzki thrown out at home. De Los Santos sacrificed to catcher, Torrealba to third. Taveras singled to left, Torrealba scored. Taveras stole second. Baker struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. De Los Santos pitching for Rockies. Bay popped out to second. Mientkiewicz singled to left. Pearce walked, Mientkiewicz to second. Bautista walked, Mientkiewicz to third, Pearce to second. Snell struck out swinging. Gomez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Snell pitching for Pirates. Holliday struck out swinging. Hawpe flied out to center. Atkins flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. De Los Santos pitching for Rockies. McLouth flied out to right. Wilson flied out to left. Doumit singled to center. Bay walked, Doumit to second. Mientkiewicz flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Snell pitching for Pirates. Stewart flied out to center. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. Torrealba grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. De Los Santos pitching for Rockies. Pearce lined out to center. Bautista fouled out to catcher. Snell grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Snell pitching for Pirates. De Los Santos struck out swinging. Taveras grounded out to first. Baker grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. De Los Santos pitching for Rockies. Gomez walked. McLouth walked, Gomez to second. Grilli pitching for Rockies. Wilson walked, Gomez to third, McLouth to second. Doumit doubled to deep right, Gomez and McLouth scored, Wilson to third. Bay safe at first on error by third baseman Stewart. Mientkiewicz singled to right, Wilson scored, Doumit to third, Bay to second. Pearce hit sacrifice fly to center, Doumit scored. Bautista walked, Bay to third, Mientkiewicz to second. Snell struck out looking. Gomez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bautista out at second. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 6th. Snell pitching for Pirates. Holliday struck out looking. Hawpe walked. Atkins struck out swinging. Hawpe caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Stewart batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Vizcaino pitching for Rockies. McLouth homered to right. Wilson reached on infield single to third. Doumit singled to center, Wilson to second. Bay grounded into fielder's choice to third, Wilson out at third, Doumit to second. Mientkiewicz singled to left, Doumit scored, Bay to second. Bay stole third. Pearce hit sacrifice fly to left, Bay scored, Mientkiewicz to second. Bautista struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Snell pitching for Pirates. Stewart reached on bunt single to third. Tulowitzki singled to right center, Stewart to third. Torrealba grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Stewart scored, Tulowitzki out at second. Smith hit for Vizcaino. Smith struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Herges pitching for Rockies. Chavez hit for Snell. Chavez doubled to deep left center. Gomez singled to right, Chavez to third. McLouth grounded into fielder's choice to second, Chavez scored, Gomez out at second. Wilson grounded into double play, shortstop to first, McLouth out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Bautista pitching for Pirates. Taveras struck out swinging. Baker struck out swinging. Holliday struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. Doumit walked. Bay struck out swinging. Doumit stole second. Mientkiewicz fouled out to catcher. Pearce struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Bautista pitching for Pirates. Hawpe grounded out to second. Atkins flied out to left. Stewart struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 4 - Pirates 8.	Snell, McLouth help Pirates end Rockies' hot streak