Pirates - Top 1st. Haren pitching for Diamondbacks. Sanchez singled to right. Mientkiewicz flied out to left. McLouth singled to right, Sanchez to second. Doumit singled to left, Sanchez scored, McLouth to second. McLouth to third, Doumit to second on wild pitch by Haren. LaRoche struck out swinging. Moss doubled to deep center, McLouth and Doumit scored. Pearce struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Herrera pitching for Pirates. Drew walked. Hudson singled to center, Drew to second. Jackson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hudson out at second, Drew to third. Tracy walked, Jackson to second. Reynolds singled to left, Drew scored, Jackson to third, Tracy to second. Romero grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Reynolds out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Haren pitching for Diamondbacks. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. Herrera struck out swinging. Sanchez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Herrera pitching for Pirates. Young reached on bunt single to third. Young to second on passed ball by Doumit. Snyder walked. Haren sacrificed to third, Young to third, Snyder to second. Drew reached on infield single to first, Young and Snyder scored, Drew to second advancing on throw. Davis pitching for Pirates. Hudson grounded out to second, Drew to third. Jackson flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Haren pitching for Diamondbacks. Mientkiewicz homered to right. McLouth struck out looking. Doumit struck out swinging. LaRoche grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Davis pitching for Pirates. Tracy singled to left center. Reynolds struck out looking. Romero grounded out to first, Tracy to second. Young grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Haren pitching for Diamondbacks. Moss singled to center. Pearce popped out to second. Wilson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Moss out at second. Davis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Davis pitching for Pirates. Snyder flied out to left. Haren grounded out to second. Drew grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Haren pitching for Diamondbacks. Sanchez singled to left. Mientkiewicz singled to center, Sanchez to second. McLouth grounded into fielder's choice to second, Mientkiewicz out at second, Sanchez to third. McLouth to second on wild pitch by Haren. Doumit struck out swinging. LaRoche grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Davis pitching for Pirates. Hudson walked. Jackson doubled to deep center, Hudson scored. Tracy grounded out to second, Jackson to third. Reynolds grounded out to shortstop. Romero singled to right, Jackson scored. Young singled to right, Romero thrown out at home, Romero to third advancing on play. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Haren pitching for Diamondbacks. Moss struck out looking. Pearce grounded out to third. Wilson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Bautista pitching for Pirates. Michaels in right field. Snyder walked. Clark hit for Haren. Clark grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Snyder out at second. Drew singled to left. Drew stole second. Hudson walked. Jackson singled to center, Drew scored, Hudson to third. Tracy struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Pena pitching for Diamondbacks. Clark at first base. Michaels homered to center. Sanchez grounded out to second. Mientkiewicz flied out to center. McLouth flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Bautista pitching for Pirates. Reynolds homered to left. Romero flied out to center. Young tripled to deep left. Young caught stealing home, catcher to third to first. Snyder singled to left. Clark singled to right, Snyder to third. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Drew struck out swinging. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Rauch pitching for Diamondbacks. Doumit flied out to right. LaRoche flied out to left. Moss struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Yates pitching for Pirates. Hudson doubled to center. Jackson walked. Ojeda hit for Rauch. Ojeda reached on bunt single to pitcher, Hudson to third, Jackson to second, Hudson scored, Jackson to third on throwing error by pitcher Yates. Reynolds singled to center, Jackson scored, Ojeda to second. Romero struck out swinging. Young walked, Ojeda to third, Reynolds to second. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Snyder walked, Ojeda scored, Reynolds to third, Young to second. Clark hit ground rule double to deep right center, Reynolds and Young scored, Snyder to third. Snyder scored, Clark to third on wild pitch by Grabow. Drew walked. Hudson grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Drew out at second. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 9th. Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks. Ojeda at second base. Bautista hit for Grabow. Bautista walked. Wilson struck out looking. Michaels singled to left, Bautista to second. Sanchez singled to center, Bautista scored, Michaels to second. Mientkiewicz singled to right, Michaels to third, Sanchez to second. McLouth singled to right, Michaels scored, Sanchez to third, Mientkiewicz to second. Doumit flied out to left. LaRoche grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 7 - Diamondbacks 13.	D-backs seal deal in 8th, cruise to win over Pirates