Pirates - Top 1st. Sanchez pitching for Giants. McLouth grounded out to first. Sanchez singled to left. Mientkiewicz lined out to shortstop. Michaels struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Karstens pitching for Pirates. Winn struck out swinging. Burriss grounded out to pitcher. Schierholtz grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Sanchez pitching for Giants. Pearce doubled to left. An LaRoche struck out swinging. Diaz singled to left, Pearce to third. Bixler struck out looking, Diaz stole second. Karstens grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Karstens pitching for Pirates. Sandoval grounded out to shortstop. McClain walked. Lewis struck out swinging. McClain caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Sanchez pitching for Giants. McLouth hit by pitch. McLouth stole second. McLouth safe at third on error by second baseman Velez. Sanchez walked. Mientkiewicz struck out swinging. Michaels reached on infield single to shortstop, McLouth scored, Sanchez to second. Pearce flied out to center. An LaRoche walked, Sanchez to third, Michaels to second. Diaz reached on infield single to second, Sanchez scored, Michaels to third, An LaRoche to second, Michaels scored on error by second baseman Velez. Bixler struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Karstens pitching for Pirates. Ishikawa struck out swinging. Velez grounded out to second. Bowker hit for Sanchez. Bowker grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Matos pitching for Giants. Karstens walked. McLouth doubled to deep right center, Karstens scored. Sanchez grounded out to second, McLouth to third. Mientkiewicz hit by pitch. Michaels hit sacrifice fly to left, McLouth scored. Pearce flied out to left. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Karstens pitching for Pirates. Winn safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Karstens. Burriss singled to left, Winn to second. Schierholtz singled to left center, Winn to third, Burriss to second. Sandoval doubled to left, Winn, Burriss and Schierholtz scored. Morgan in center field. McClain reached on infield single to third, Sandoval to third. Lewis singled to center, Sandoval scored, McClain to second. Ishikawa doubled to left, McClain scored, Lewis to third. Velez hit sacrifice fly to right, Lewis scored, Ishikawa to third, Velez to second on error by right fielder Pearce. Roberts hit for Matos. Beam pitching for Pirates. Roberts grounded out to second, Ishikawa scored, Velez to third. Winn singled to center, Velez scored. Burriss doubled to left, Winn to third. Schierholtz singled to right, Winn scored, Burriss to third. Sandoval hit sacrifice fly to left, Burriss scored. McClain flied out to left. 10 Runs, 9 Hits, 2 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Sadler pitching for Giants. An LaRoche struck out looking. Diaz struck out swinging. Bixler hit by pitch. Paulino hit for Beam. Paulino struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Salas pitching for Pirates. Lewis grounded out to second. Ishikawa struck out swinging. Velez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Ochoa at second base. Sadler pitching for Giants. Morgan grounded out to first. Sanchez struck out swinging. Mientkiewicz walked. Michaels singled to right, Mientkiewicz to third. Michaels to second on wild pitch by Sadler. Pearce hit by pitch. Yabu pitching for Giants. An LaRoche struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Salas pitching for Pirates. Yabu walked. Winn singled to center, Yabu to second. Burriss grounded into fielder's choice to second, Winn out at second, Yabu to third. Burriss to second on wild pitch by Salas. Schierholtz walked. Sandoval hit sacrifice fly to left, Yabu scored. McClain flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Yabu pitching for Giants. Diaz grounded out to third. Bixler struck out swinging. Gomez hit for Salas. Gomez walked. Morgan flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Sanchez pitching for Pirates. Lewis flied out to left. Ishikawa doubled to right. Ochoa grounded out to second, Ishikawa to third. Molina hit for Yabu. Molina grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Hennessey pitching for Giants. Sanchez reached on infield single to shortstop. Mientkiewicz flied out to right. Michaels walked, Sanchez to second. Pearce doubled to deep center, Sanchez scored, Michaels to third. Romo pitching for Giants. An LaRoche popped out to third. Diaz grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Hansen pitching for Pirates. Winn flied out to left. Burriss grounded out to shortstop. Schierholtz hit by pitch. Sandoval reached on infield single to second, Schierholtz to second. McClain struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Walker pitching for Giants. Moss hit for Bixler. Moss struck out swinging. Doumit hit for Hansen. Doumit flied out to right. Morgan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 6 - Giants 11.	Giants use 10 spot to beat Pirates