Pirates - Top 1st. Oswalt pitching for Astros. McLouth grounded out to first. Rivas singled to center. Doumit grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Rivas out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Duke pitching for Pirates. Erstad flied out to left. Loretta grounded out to third. Tejada fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Ad LaRoche grounded out to first. Mientkiewicz flied out to left. Pearce flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Duke pitching for Pirates. Berkman flied out to right. Pence flied out to right. Castillo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Moss flied out to left. Cruz grounded out to pitcher. Duke struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Duke pitching for Pirates. Abercrombie reached on bunt single to pitcher, Abercrombie to third on throwing error by pitcher Duke. Ausmus grounded out to third. Oswalt sacrificed to pitcher, Abercrombie scored. Erstad grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 4th. Oswalt pitching for Astros. McLouth struck out looking. Rivas grounded out to third. Doumit grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Duke pitching for Pirates. Loretta grounded out to shortstop. Tejada grounded out to shortstop. Berkman flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Ad LaRoche grounded out to second. Mientkiewicz grounded out to first. Pearce grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Duke pitching for Pirates. Pence singled to center. Castillo grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pence safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Mientkiewicz. Abercrombie singled to center, Pence scored, Castillo to second. Ausmus singled to center, Castillo to third, Abercrombie to second. Oswalt singled to right, Castillo scored, Abercrombie to third, Ausmus to second. Erstad grounded out to first, Abercrombie scored, Ausmus to third, Oswalt to second. Loretta hit sacrifice fly to center, Ausmus scored, Oswalt to third. Tejada doubled to left, Oswalt scored. Salas pitching for Pirates. Berkman intentionally walked. Pence grounded out to pitcher. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 6th. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Moss grounded out to second. Cruz grounded out to catcher. Gomez hit for Salas. Gomez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Hansen pitching for Pirates. Castillo struck out swinging. Abercrombie struck out looking. Ausmus safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Mientkiewicz. Oswalt flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 7th. Oswalt pitching for Astros. McLouth struck out swinging. Rivas flied out to right. Doumit grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Chavez pitching for Pirates. Erstad struck out swinging. Loretta walked. Tejada grounded out to first, Loretta to second. Berkman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Ad LaRoche grounded out to first. Mientkiewicz singled to left. Pearce grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Mientkiewicz out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Chavez pitching for Pirates. Pence struck out swinging. Castillo reached on infield single to third. Abercrombie struck out swinging, Castillo to second on wild pitch by Chavez. Ausmus walked. Oswalt flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Moss struck out looking. Cruz singled to center. Michaels hit for Chavez. Michaels grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Cruz out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 0 - Astros 6.	Oswalt's shutout powers Astros vs. Pirates