Mariners - Top 1st . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Chavez grounded out to pitcher . Gutierrez fouled out to first . Sweeney flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Rowland - Smith pitching for Mariners . Sweeney struck out looking . Cabrera walked . Giambi safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Rowland - Smith , Cabrera scored . Holliday walked . Chavez popped out to second . Garciaparra flied out to center . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 2nd . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Beltre flied out to right . Griffey Jr walked . Lopez singled to center , Griffey Jr to second . Branyan singled to left , Griffey Jr to third , Lopez to second . Johjima singled to shallow left , Griffey Jr scored , Lopez to third , Branyan to second . Betancourt doubled to deep left , Lopez and Branyan scored , Johjima to third . Chavez singled to center , Johjima and Betancourt scored . Gutierrez grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Chavez out at second . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Rowland - Smith pitching for Mariners . Cust doubled to deep left center . Suzuki safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Beltre , Cust to third . Ellis popped out to second . Sweeney walked , Suzuki to second . Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to left , Cust scored . Giambi walked , Suzuki to third , Sweeney to second . Holliday grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Giambi out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 3rd . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Sweeney grounded out to third . Beltre grounded out to third . Griffey Jr flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Rowland - Smith pitching for Mariners . Chavez singled to left . Garciaparra popped out to shortstop . Cust grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Chavez out at second . Suzuki fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Lopez flied out to center . Branyan struck out swinging . Johjima grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Rowland - Smith pitching for Mariners . Ellis singled to left . Sweeney flied out to right . Cabrera singled to right , Ellis to third . Jakubauskas pitching for Mariners . Giambi hit by pitch , Cabrera to second . Holliday fouled out to right . Chavez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Betancourt grounded out to shortstop . Chavez singled to center . Gutierrez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Chavez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Jakubauskas pitching for Mariners . Garciaparra grounded out to second . Cust flied out to left . Suzuki singled to right . Ellis grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Sweeney singled to deep left center . Beltre struck out swinging . Griffey Jr walked , Sweeney to second . Lopez flied out to center . Branyan grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Jakubauskas pitching for Mariners . Sweeney walked . Cabrera singled to right , Sweeney to second . Giambi grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cabrera out at second , Sweeney to third . Corcoran pitching for Mariners . Holliday doubled to right , Sweeney scored , Giambi to third . Chavez walked . Garciaparra hit sacrifice fly to right , Giambi scored , Holliday to third . Cust walked , Chavez to second . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cust out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Wuertz pitching for Athletics . Johjima grounded out to third . Betancourt popped out to shortstop . Chavez singled to right . Gutierrez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Kelley pitching for Mariners . Ellis struck out swinging . Sweeney grounded out to third . Cabrera singled to right . Giambi struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Wuertz pitching for Athletics . Sweeney struck out swinging . Beltre grounded out to shortstop . Blevins pitching for Athletics . Griffey Jr walked . Balentien ran for Griffey Jr. Bailey pitching for Athletics . Lopez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Balentien in right field . Aardsma pitching for Mariners . Holliday flied out to right . Chavez grounded out to third . Garciaparra lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Bailey pitching for Athletics . Branyan singled to center . Johjima sacrificed to pitcher , Branyan to second . Branyan to third on wild pitch by Bailey . Betancourt struck out swinging . Chavez lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Aardsma pitching for Mariners . Cust struck out looking . Suzuki flied out to right . Ellis popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 5 - Athletics 4 .	Chavez 's three hits propel Mariners past A 's