Mariners - Top 1st . Outman pitching for Athletics . Chavez struck out swinging . Gutierrez flied out to left . Sweeney singled to right . Sweeney to second on wild pitch by Outman . Beltre struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Sweeney struck out swinging . Cabrera doubled to right . Giambi flied out to left . Holliday hit by pitch . Garciaparra flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Outman pitching for Athletics . Branyan struck out swinging . Balentien walked . Johjima lined out to right . Cedeno flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Cust walked . Buck struck out swinging . Ellis walked , Cust to second . Powell doubled to deep right center , Cust and Ellis scored . Sweeney singled to left , Powell to third . Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to center , Powell scored . Giambi singled to left , Sweeney to third . Holliday struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Outman pitching for Athletics . Betancourt singled to center . Chavez flied out to right . Gutierrez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Betancourt out at second . Sweeney flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Garciaparra singled to center . Cust struck out looking . Garciaparra to second on wild pitch by Hernandez . Buck struck out swinging . Ellis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Outman pitching for Athletics . Beltre flied out to left . Branyan homered to right . Balentien popped out to second . Johjima grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Powell struck out looking . Sweeney flied out to left . Cabrera struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Outman pitching for Athletics . Cedeno walked . Betancourt singled to left , Cedeno to second . Chavez grounded out to first , Cedeno to third , Betancourt to second . Gutierrez singled to left center , Cedeno and Betancourt scored . Sweeney singled to right , Gutierrez to second . Wuertz pitching for Athletics . Gutierrez caught stealing third , pitcher to second , Sweeney to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Beltre grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Giambi reached on infield single to second . Holliday popped out to first . Garciaparra flied out to center . Cust homered to center , Giambi scored . Buck popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Springer pitching for Athletics . Branyan singled to deep right . Balentien flied out to center . Johjima popped out to second . Cedeno grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Branyan out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Chavez in right field . Lopez at second base . Cedeno in left field . Batista pitching for Mariners . Ellis grounded out to shortstop . Powell fouled out to left . Sweeney popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Casilla pitching for Athletics . Betancourt flied out to left . Chavez flied out to left . Gutierrez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Batista pitching for Mariners . Cabrera singled to center . Giambi flied out to left . Holliday struck out looking . Garciaparra flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Crosby at third base . Garciaparra at first base . Casilla pitching for Athletics . Sweeney safe at first on error by third baseman Crosby . Beltre singled to center , Sweeney to second . Branyan walked , Sweeney to third , Beltre to second . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Lopez doubled to left , Sweeney and Beltre scored , Branyan to third . Johjima singled to left , Branyan and Lopez scored . Cedeno grounded into double play , third to second to first , Johjima out at second . Betancourt flied out to center . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Lowe pitching for Mariners . Cust singled to right . Buck walked , Cust to second . Ellis grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Buck out at second , Cust to third . Powell grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Gallagher pitching for Athletics . Chavez singled to center . Gutierrez sacrificed to catcher , Chavez to second . Sweeney singled to center , Chavez scored , Sweeney thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . Beltre flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Morrow pitching for Mariners . Sweeney grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera walked . Cabrera to second on fielder 's indifference . Crosby lined out to right . Holliday safe at first on error by second baseman Lopez , Cabrera to third . Garciaparra struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Mariners 8 - Athletics 5 .	Streaking Mariners rally twice to beat Athletics