Tigers - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Granderson popped out to shortstop . Polanco struck out swinging . Ordonez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Suzuki flied out to left . Chavez grounded out to first . Griffey Jr struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Cabrera singled to deep right . Guillen reached on infield single to third , Cabrera to second . Thames struck out swinging . Laird hit by pitch , Cabrera to third , Guillen to second . Inge singled to shallow left , Cabrera and Guillen scored , Laird to third . Santiago sacrificed into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Laird scored , Inge to second . Granderson grounded out to first , Inge to third , Santiago to second . Polanco walked . Ordonez flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Beltre grounded out to shortstop . Branyan struck out looking . Lopez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Cabrera singled to left . Guillen grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cabrera out at second . Thames struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Johnson struck out looking . Betancourt lined out to center . Gutierrez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Laird singled to center . Inge struck out swinging , Laird stole second . Santiago grounded out to shortstop , Laird to third . Granderson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Suzuki struck out swinging . Chavez struck out swinging . Griffey Jr struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Polanco fouled out to right . Ordonez flied out to center . Cabrera singled to left . Guillen grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Beltre doubled to right . Branyan singled to right , Beltre to third . Lopez singled to left , Beltre scored , Branyan to second . Johnson sacrificed to third , Branyan to third , Lopez to second . Betancourt grounded into fielder 's choice to third .   Branyan scored , Lopez to third on throwing error by Inge . Gutierrez reached on bunt single to pitcher , Lopez scored , Betancourt to second . Suzuki singled to center , Betancourt scored , Gutierrez to third . Gutierrez scored , Suzuki to second on wild pitch by Verlander . Chavez walked . Griffey Jr flied out to left . Beltre flied out to left . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Thames singled to left . Laird grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Thames out at second . Inge struck out swinging . Santiago flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Cedeno doubled to deep center . Lopez lined out to right . Cedeno caught stealing third , catcher to third . Johnson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Kelley pitching for Mariners . Granderson singled to center . Polanco grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Granderson out at second . Ordonez singled to left . Cabrera flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Betancourt popped out to shortstop . Gutierrez flied out to center . Suzuki struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Aardsma pitching for Mariners . Guillen struck out looking . Larish hit for Thames . Larish struck out swinging . Larish hit for Thames . Larish struck out swinging . Laird walked . Inge popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Chavez grounded out to first . Griffey Jr batting . Lyon pitching for Tigers . Beltre stole third . Cedeno struck out looking . Lopez intentionally walked . Johnson flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Morrow pitching for Mariners . Santiago struck out looking . Granderson struck out swinging . Polanco popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 3 - Mariners 6 .	M 's win , equal franchise 's best 11 - game start