Mariners - Top 1st . Loux pitching for Angels . Suzuki grounded out to third . Chavez grounded out to second . Griffey Jr grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Bedard pitching for Mariners . Figgins grounded out to shortstop . Matthews grounded out to shortstop . Abreu struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Loux pitching for Angels . Beltre grounded out to shortstop . Branyan homered to left center . Lopez singled to center . Johnson singled to left , Lopez to second . Lopez caught stealing third , catcher to third , Johnson to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Gutierrez walked . Betancourt flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Bedard pitching for Mariners . Hunter grounded out to shortstop . Morales struck out swinging . Napoli flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Loux pitching for Angels . Suzuki grounded out to first . Chavez singled to right . Griffey Jr singled to left , Chavez to second . Beltre flied out to right , Chavez to third . Branyan walked , Griffey Jr to second . Lopez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Bedard pitching for Mariners . Kendrick flied out to center . Quinlan grounded out to shortstop . Aybar doubled to center . Figgins struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Loux pitching for Angels . Johnson struck out looking . Gutierrez flied out to center . Betancourt grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Bedard pitching for Mariners . Matthews grounded out to third . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . Hunter struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Loux pitching for Angels . Suzuki singled to center . Chavez singled to left center , Suzuki to second . Griffey Jr singled to right , Suzuki to third , Chavez to second . Beltre doubled to deep left , Suzuki and Chavez scored , Griffey Jr to third . Branyan walked . Lopez reached on infield single to third , Griffey Jr scored , Beltre to third , Branyan to second . Johnson singled to center , Beltre scored , Branyan to third , Lopez to second . Thompson pitching for Angels . Branyan scored , Lopez to third , Johnson to second on wild pitch by Thompson . Gutierrez grounded out to third . Betancourt hit sacrifice fly to center , Lopez scored . Davidson pitching for Angels . Suzuki lined out to shortstop . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Bedard pitching for Mariners . Morales grounded out to second . Napoli homered to left . Kendrick singled to shallow center . Quinlan singled to left , Kendrick to third , Kendrick scored , Quinlan to third on throwing error by left fielder Chavez . Aybar grounded out to second , Quinlan scored . Figgins struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 6th . Davidson pitching for Angels . Chavez singled to center . Griffey Jr popped out to second . Chavez stole second . Beltre intentionally walked . Branyan doubled to right , Chavez scored , Beltre to third . Shields pitching for Angels . Lopez walked . Johnson fouled out to catcher . Gutierrez struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Bedard pitching for Mariners . Matthews grounded out to pitcher . Abreu grounded out to second . Hunter grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Betancourt fouled out to catcher . Suzuki reached on infield single to third . Chavez grounded out to pitcher , Suzuki to second . Griffey Jr flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Bedard pitching for Mariners . Morales flied out to center . Napoli singled to center . Napoli to second on wild pitch by Bedard . Kendrick struck out looking . Kelley pitching for Mariners . Quinlan fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Beltre grounded out to shortstop . Branyan flied out to center . Lopez singled to left center . Johnson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Kelley pitching for Mariners . Aybar reached on bunt single to third . Figgins lined into double play , shortstop to first , Aybar doubled off first . Matthews flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Gutierrez singled to right . Betancourt singled to right , Gutierrez to second . Suzuki flied out to left . Chavez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Betancourt out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Kelley pitching for Mariners . Abreu struck out swinging . Hunter grounded out to third . Wood hit for Morales . Wood flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 8 - Angels 3 .	Mariners use six - run fifth to overpower Angels