Mariners - Top 1st . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Suzuki singled to left center . Lopez flied out to left . Suzuki caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Griffey Jr walked . Beltre grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Griffey Jr out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Kinsler flied out to left . Young singled to center . Hamilton grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Young out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Branyan grounded out to first . Gutierrez grounded out to shortstop . Johjima grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Jones walked . Byrd flied out to center . Cruz lined out to center . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Betancourt grounded out to shortstop . Chavez struck out swinging . Suzuki struck out swinging , Suzuki safe at first on wild pitch by Feldman . Lopez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Saltalamacchia fouled out to left . Andrus lined out to right . Kinsler doubled to left . Young walked . Hamilton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Griffey Jr singled to center . Beltre lined out to shortstop . Branyan grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Griffey Jr out at second . Gutierrez fouled out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Jones grounded out to third . Byrd grounded out to second . Cruz struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Johjima grounded out to shortstop . Betancourt flied out to center . Chavez lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Davis homered to right center . Saltalamacchia grounded out to shortstop . Andrus fouled out to right . Kinsler singled to left center . Young singled to left , Kinsler to third . Hamilton struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Lopez lined out to right . Griffey Jr walked . Beltre grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Griffey Jr out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Batista pitching for Mariners . Jones walked . Byrd struck out swinging . Cruz reached on infield single to third , Jones to second . Davis singled to right , Jones to third , Cruz to second . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Branyan flied out to right . Gutierrez singled to right center . Gutierrez stole second . Johjima doubled to right , Gutierrez scored . Holland pitching for Rangers . Betancourt grounded out to second , Johjima to third . Balentien hit for Chavez . Balentien grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Balentien in left field . Lowe pitching for Mariners . Kinsler grounded out to first . Young singled to right . Hamilton homered to left , Young scored . Jones reached on infield single to shortstop . Byrd doubled to deep left , Jones to third . Cruz hit sacrifice fly to right , Jones scored , Byrd to third . Davis safe at first on error by first baseman Branyan , Byrd scored . Saltalamacchia doubled to deep right , Davis scored , Saltalamacchia to third advancing on throw . White pitching for Mariners . Andrus reached on infield single to third , Saltalamacchia scored . Kinsler singled to center , Andrus to third , Kinsler to second on error by first baseman Branyan . Young walked . Hamilton struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 7 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 8th . Holland pitching for Rangers . Suzuki grounded out to second . Lopez fouled out to first . Griffey Jr grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Olson pitching for Mariners . Jones struck out swinging . Byrd struck out looking . Cruz lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Guardado pitching for Rangers . Beltre flied out to left . Branyan struck out looking . Gutierrez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 1 - Rangers 7 .	Hamilton 's return boosts streaking Rangers