Red Sox - Top 1st . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Ellsbury grounded out to second . Pedroia popped out to second . Bay grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Masterson pitching for Red Sox . Suzuki singled to right . Gutierrez sacrificed to pitcher , Suzuki to second . Griffey Jr grounded out to second , Suzuki to third . Beltre struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Lowell flied out to right . Drew singled to right . Baldelli grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Drew safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Betancourt . Bailey singled to left , Drew to third , Baldelli to second . Varitek hit sacrifice fly to left , Drew scored . Green reached on infield single to second , Baldelli to third , Bailey to second . Ellsbury grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Masterson pitching for Red Sox . Branyan homered to right . Balentien grounded out to third . Johnson struck out swinging . Betancourt doubled to center . Cedeno tripled to deep left center , Betancourt scored . Suzuki fouled out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Pedroia singled to left center . Bay flied out to center . Lowell grounded into double play , third to second to first , Pedroia out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Masterson pitching for Red Sox . Gutierrez grounded out to shortstop . Griffey Jr flied out to right . Beltre struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Drew homered to right . Baldelli lined out to second . Bailey grounded out to second . Varitek fouled out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Masterson pitching for Red Sox . Branyan struck out swinging . Balentien flied out to center . Johnson singled to shallow center . Betancourt reached on infield single to third , Johnson to second . Cedeno flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Green singled to right . Ellsbury singled to left , Green to second . Pedroia walked , Green to third , Ellsbury to second . Bay fouled out to first . Lowell grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Pedroia out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Masterson pitching for Red Sox . Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop . Gutierrez singled to left , Suzuki to second . Griffey Jr flied out to right , Suzuki to third . Beltre grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Gutierrez out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Drew walked . Baldelli struck out swinging . Bailey walked , Drew to second . White pitching for Mariners . Varitek grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Bailey out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Masterson pitching for Red Sox . Branyan struck out swinging . Balentien safe at first on error by shortstop Green . Johnson sacrificed double play , catcher to first to shortstop , Balentien out at third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 7th . Johjima catching . White pitching for Mariners . Green grounded out to third . Ellsbury flied out to center . Pedroia walked . Bay struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Masterson pitching for Red Sox . Betancourt struck out looking . Cedeno reached on infield single to shortstop . Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox . Suzuki grounded out to second , Cedeno to second . Gutierrez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Lowe pitching for Mariners . Lowell struck out looking . Drew struck out swinging . Baldelli struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox . Griffey Jr singled to right center . Chavez ran for Griffey Jr. Beltre popped out to shortstop . Okajima pitching for Red Sox . Branyan flied out to right . Balentien struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Aardsma pitching for Mariners . Bailey struck out swinging . Varitek doubled to deep right . Kottaras ran for Varitek . Green walked . Ellsbury popped out to second . Pedroia flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Kottaras catching . Ramirez pitching for Red Sox . Johjima struck out swinging . Betancourt lined out to third . Cedeno reached on infield single to shortstop , Cedeno to second on throwing error by shortstop Green . Suzuki intentionally walked . Gutierrez singled to left , Cedeno scored , Suzuki to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Red Sox 2 - Mariners 3 .	Gutierrez lifts Mariners with walk - off hit in 9th