Mariners - Top 1st . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Suzuki grounded out to first . Branyan homered to right . Beltre grounded out to third . Lopez grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Fowler grounded out to pitcher . Barmes grounded out to shortstop . Helton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Chavez grounded out to second . Cedeno grounded out to shortstop . Betancourt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Hawpe hit by pitch . Spilborghs flied out to center . Tulowitzki grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hawpe out at second . Stewart grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Johnson reached on infield single to shortstop . Washburn bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Johnson out at second . Suzuki singled to center , Washburn to second . Branyan walked , Washburn to third , Suzuki to second . Beltre doubled to deep left , Washburn and Suzuki scored , Branyan to third . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Branyan out at home , Beltre to third , Lopez to second . Chavez intentionally walked . Cedeno grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Iannetta walked . Jimenez sacrificed to first , Iannetta to second . Fowler popped out to second . Barmes walked . Helton singled to right , Iannetta scored , Barmes to third . Helton to second on passed ball by Johnson . Hawpe safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Washburn , Barmes scored , Helton to third . Spilborghs flied out to center . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 4th . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Betancourt singled to center . Johnson doubled to deep left , Betancourt scored . Washburn struck out looking . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Johnson out at third . Branyan fouled out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Tulowitzki homered to center . Stewart flied out to center . Iannetta singled to center . Jimenez sacrificed to first , Iannetta to second . Fowler flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Beltre grounded out to third . Lopez popped out to second . Chavez singled to center . Cedeno flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Barmes lined out to right . Helton grounded out to shortstop . Hawpe singled to right . Spilborghs grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hawpe out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Betancourt reached on infield single to third . Johnson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Betancourt out at second . Washburn struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Tulowitzki walked . Stewart hit by pitch , Tulowitzki to second . Iannetta flied out to center . Jimenez singled to right , Tulowitzki scored , Stewart to third . Fowler sacrificed into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Stewart scored , Jimenez to second . Barmes reached on infield single to shortstop , Jimenez to third , Fowler to second . Helton flied out to center . Hawpe struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Branyan walked . Beltre grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Branyan out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Batista pitching for Mariners . Spilborghs grounded out to second . Tulowitzki walked . Stewart struck out swinging , Tulowitzki stole second , Tulowitzki to third on throwing error by catcher Johnson . Tulowitzki scored on Batista 's wild pitch . Iannetta struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 8th . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Lopez grounded out to first . Chavez grounded out to shortstop . Cedeno grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Batista pitching for Mariners . Jimenez grounded out to pitcher . Fowler struck out swinging . Barmes reached on infield single to third . Helton walked , Barmes to second . Hawpe grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Betancourt lined out to right . Sweeney hit for Johnson . Sweeney flied out to center . Griffey Jr hit for Batista . Griffey Jr walked . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Griffey Jr out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 4 - Rockies 6 .	M 's errors lead to Rockies ninth straight win \n\n