Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Lopez singled to left center . Drew struck out swinging , Lopez stole second . Upton flied out to right , Lopez to third . Reynolds lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Suzuki flied out to center . Woodward walked . Woodward caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Carp walked . Sweeney lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Parra reached on infield single to shortstop . Montero singled to center , Parra to second . Clark singled to right , Parra to third , Montero to second . Byrnes grounded into double play , third to catcher , Montero out at third , Parra out at home , Clark to second , Byrnes to first . Ojeda struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Gutierrez struck out swinging . Balentien struck out swinging . Betancourt lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Lopez struck out looking . Drew struck out looking . Upton grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Burke grounded out to third . Cedeno struck out swinging . Suzuki tripled to deep right . Woodward flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Reynolds grounded out to shortstop . Parra struck out swinging , Parra safe at first on wild pitch by Hernandez . Montero grounded out to third , Parra to second . Clark walked . Byrnes grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Clark out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Carp flied out to center . Sweeney walked . Gutierrez bunted into fielder 's choice to first , Sweeney out at second . Balentien walked , Gutierrez to second . Betancourt singled to left , Gutierrez scored , Balentien out at third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Ojeda hit by pitch . Lopez flied out to left . Drew struck out swinging . Upton singled to left center , Ojeda to second . Reynolds grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Upton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Burke grounded out to third . Cedeno lined out to right . Suzuki reached on infield single to pitcher . Woodward lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Parra struck out swinging . Montero lined out to left . Clark flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Carp singled to right . Sweeney grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Carp out at second . Gutierrez doubled to left . Balentien popped out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Byrnes grounded out to third . Ojeda fouled out to left . Lopez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Betancourt singled to left . Betancourt caught stealing second , catcher to second . Burke singled to center . Cedeno grounded out to shortstop , Burke to second . Suzuki intentionally walked . Woodward grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Drew flied out to left . Upton walked . Reynolds homered to center , Upton scored . Olson pitching for Mariners . Parra grounded out to second . Montero fouled out to catcher . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Schoeneweis pitching for Diamondbacks . Carp reached on infield single to second , Carp to second on throwing error by second baseman Lopez . Rauch pitching for Diamondbacks . Sweeney singled to center , Carp to third . Gutierrez grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Carp scored , Sweeney out at second . Balentien fouled out to first . Betancourt singled to right , Gutierrez to third . Griffey Jr hit for Burke . Zavada pitching for Diamondbacks . Griffey Jr flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Johnson catching . Lowe pitching for Mariners . Clark grounded out to shortstop . Byrnes struck out looking . Ojeda doubled to left . Lopez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Zavada pitching for Diamondbacks . Cedeno walked . Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop , Cedeno to second . Woodward struck out bunting foul . Carp grounded out to first , Cedeno to third , Suzuki to second . Sweeney intentionally walked . Qualls pitching for Diamondbacks . Gutierrez safe at first on error by first baseman Clark , Cedeno scored , Suzuki to third , Sweeney to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Diamondbacks 2 - Mariners 3 .	Clark error lets M 's shock D - backs in ninth