Padres - Top 1st . Olson pitching for Mariners . Gwynn flied out to center . Eckstein grounded out to shortstop . Hairston fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Gaudin pitching for Padres . Suzuki flied out to right . Branyan struck out swinging . Beltre grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Olson pitching for Mariners . Gonzalez lined out to first . Kouzmanoff singled to left . Headley flied out to right . Blanks flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Gaudin pitching for Padres . Griffey Jr singled to left center . Gutierrez singled to left , Griffey Jr to second . Balentien singled to center , Griffey Jr to third , Gutierrez to second . Johnson struck out swinging . Betancourt struck out swinging . Cedeno walked , Griffey Jr scored , Gutierrez to third , Balentien to second . Suzuki grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Olson pitching for Mariners . Blanco flied out to right . Cabrera struck out swinging . Gwynn grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Gaudin pitching for Padres . Branyan struck out swinging . Beltre flied out to left . Griffey Jr grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Olson pitching for Mariners . Eckstein popped out to third . Hairston singled to left . Gonzalez homered to right , Hairston scored . Kouzmanoff flied out to left . Headley grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Gaudin pitching for Padres . Gutierrez lined out to first . Balentien struck out swinging . Johnson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Olson pitching for Mariners . Blanks grounded out to shortstop . Blanco doubled to deep left . Cabrera singled to center , Blanco scored . Gwynn flied out to center . Cabrera stole second . Cabrera stole third . Eckstein singled to right , Cabrera scored . Hairston flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Gaudin pitching for Padres . Betancourt struck out swinging . Cedeno struck out swinging . Suzuki flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Olson pitching for Mariners . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Kouzmanoff singled to right . Headley hit ground rule double to deep right , Kouzmanoff to third . Corcoran pitching for Mariners . Blanks walked . Blanco walked , Kouzmanoff scored , Headley to third , Blanks to second . Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop , Headley scored , Blanks to third , Blanco to second . Gwynn hit sacrifice fly to center , Blanks scored . Eckstein singled to right , Blanco scored , Cabrera to third . Hairston singled to left , Cabrera scored , Eckstein to third . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Gaudin pitching for Padres . Branyan struck out looking . Beltre popped out to shortstop . Griffey Jr homered to center . Gutierrez popped out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Corcoran pitching for Mariners . Kouzmanoff grounded out to second . Headley singled to center . Blanks grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Headley out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Gaudin pitching for Padres . Balentien struck out swinging . Johnson struck out swinging . Betancourt safe at first on error by third baseman Kouzmanoff . Cedeno struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 8th . Batista pitching for Mariners . Blanco flied out to center . Cabrera walked . Gwynn grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Burke pitching for Padres . Suzuki singled to center . Branyan homered to right , Suzuki scored . Wilson hit for Beltre . Wilson grounded out to third . Griffey Jr walked . Gutierrez reached on infield single to third , Griffey Jr to second . Balentien singled to left center , Griffey Jr scored , Gutierrez to third , Balentien to second advancing on throw . Carp hit for Johnson . Mujica pitching for Padres . Carp hit sacrifice fly to center , Gutierrez scored , Balentien to third . Betancourt fouled out to first . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Wilson at third base . Burke catching . Batista pitching for Mariners . Eckstein singled to center . Hairston fouled out to catcher . Gonzalez flied out to center . Kouzmanoff lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Bell pitching for Padres . Cedeno walked . Suzuki singled to left , Cedeno to second . Branyan struck out swinging . Sweeney hit for Wilson . Sweeney singled to left , Cedeno scored , Suzuki to second . Griffey Jr flied out to center . Gutierrez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 9 - Mariners 7 .	Pads ' Gaudin ties career high with 11 K 's vs. M 's