Padres - Top 1st . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Cabrera grounded out to third . Eckstein fouled out to right . Hairston struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . LeBlanc pitching for Padres . Suzuki homered to right . Branyan popped out to third . Beltre singled to center . Sweeney doubled to deep right center , Beltre to third . Lopez popped out to second . Gutierrez intentionally walked . Johnson doubled to deep center , Beltre , Sweeney and Gutierrez scored . Cedeno walked . Balentien struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Gonzalez singled to right center . Kouzmanoff lined out to right . Headley flied out to center . Blanks walked , Gonzalez to second . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . LeBlanc pitching for Padres . Suzuki doubled to left . Suzuki caught stealing third , pitcher to third to shortstop to pitcher . Branyan walked . Banks pitching for Padres . Beltre struck out swinging . Sweeney singled to right , Branyan to third . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sweeney out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Blanco singled to left . Cabrera singled to center , Blanco to second . Eckstein grounded out to third , Blanco to third , Cabrera to second . Hairston struck out looking . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Gwynn in center field . Banks pitching for Padres . Gutierrez singled to right . Gutierrez to second on wild pitch by Banks . Johnson grounded out to pitcher . Cedeno struck out swinging . Balentien grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Kouzmanoff hit ground rule double to deep center . Headley grounded out to shortstop . Blanks lined out to third . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Banks pitching for Padres . Suzuki singled to right . Branyan grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Suzuki out at second . Beltre flied out to left . Sweeney singled to center , Branyan to second , Branyan to third on error by center fielder Gwynn . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sweeney out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 5th . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Blanco struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to third . Eckstein grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Banks pitching for Padres . Gutierrez walked . Gutierrez stole second . Johnson flied out to center , Gutierrez to third . Cedeno sacrificed to pitcher , Gutierrez scored . Balentien homered to left . Thatcher pitching for Padres . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Gwynn singled to center . Gonzalez lined out to center . Kouzmanoff lined out to left . Headley homered to center , Gwynn scored . Blanks struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Thatcher pitching for Padres . Branyan struck out swinging . Beltre doubled to deep left center . Sweeney intentionally walked . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sweeney out at second , Beltre to third . Gutierrez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Jakubauskas pitching for Mariners . Gonzalez homered to right . Blanco hit ground rule double to left . Cabrera walked . Lowe pitching for Mariners . Eckstein grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Cabrera out at second , Blanco to third . Gwynn popped out to shortstop . Gonzalez walked , Eckstein to second . Kouzmanoff flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Meredith pitching for Padres . Johnson struck out swinging . Cedeno lined out to center . Balentien grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Lowe pitching for Mariners . Headley flied out to left . Blanks doubled to deep left center . Gonzalez lined out to second . Blanco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Meredith pitching for Padres . Suzuki reached on infield single to catcher . Branyan singled to center , Suzuki to second . Beltre reached on infield single to shortstop , Suzuki to third , Branyan to second . Sweeney singled to center , Suzuki and Branyan scored , Beltre to third . Lopez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Beltre scored , Sweeney out at second . Gutierrez lined out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Batista pitching for Mariners . Cabrera grounded out to second . Eckstein lined out to right . Gwynn grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 3 - Mariners 9 .	Suzuki leads M 's rout of Pads