Mariners - Top 1st . Chamberlain pitching for Yankees . Suzuki struck out swinging . Branyan walked . Lopez struck out swinging . Griffey Jr flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Morrow pitching for Mariners . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . Damon doubled to right . Teixeira grounded out to pitcher . Rodriguez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Chamberlain pitching for Yankees . Sweeney grounded out to shortstop . Gutierrez singled to left center . Woodward reached on infield single to shortstop , Gutierrez to second . Johjima grounded into double play , third to first , Gutierrez out at third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Morrow pitching for Mariners . Cano singled to center . Posada singled to right , Cano to second . Matsui reaches on fielding error by third baseman Woodward . Cano scores . Posada to 3rd . Throwing error by third baseman Woodward . Swisher struck out swinging . Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to center , Posada scored . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Chamberlain pitching for Yankees . Cedeno homered to left . Suzuki singled to left center . Branyan struck out swinging , Suzuki stole second . Lopez walked . Griffey Jr flied out to center . Sweeney grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Morrow pitching for Mariners . Damon walked . Teixeira grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Damon out at second . Rodriguez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Chamberlain pitching for Yankees . Gutierrez grounded out to pitcher . Woodward struck out swinging . Johjima hit ground rule double to left . Cedeno grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Morrow pitching for Mariners . Cano singled to center . Posada walked , Cano to second . Matsui walked , Cano to third , Posada to second . Swisher popped out to shortstop . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Cano scored , Matsui out at second , Posada to third . Jeter struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Chamberlain pitching for Yankees . Suzuki reached on infield single to second . Suzuki stole second . Suzuki stole third . Branyan singled to right , Suzuki scored . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Branyan out at second . Lopez stole second . Griffey Jr walked . Sweeney flied out to center . Gutierrez singled to center , Lopez scored , Griffey Jr to third . Woodward flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Morrow pitching for Mariners . Damon lined out to second . Teixeira singled to right . Rodriguez walked , Teixeira to second . Cano struck out swinging . Posada walked , Teixeira to third , Rodriguez to second . Jakubauskas pitching for Mariners . Matsui grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Chamberlain pitching for Yankees . Johjima singled to center . Cedeno sacrificed to pitcher , Johjima to second . Coke pitching for Yankees . Suzuki flied out to center . Branyan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Jakubauskas pitching for Mariners . Swisher flied out to left . Cabrera struck out swinging . Jeter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . Griffey Jr struck out swinging . Sweeney flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Jakubauskas pitching for Mariners . Damon hit ground rule double to left . Teixeira struck out swinging . Rodriguez homered to left , Damon scored . Cano flied out to center . Posada flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Bruney pitching for Yankees . Gutierrez singled to right . Woodward singled to left , Gutierrez to second . Johjima singled to left , Gutierrez scored , Woodward to second . Cedeno sacrificed to pitcher , Woodward to third , Johjima to second . Suzuki intentionally walked . Branyan hit sacrifice fly to left , Woodward scored . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Suzuki out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . White pitching for Mariners . Matsui doubled to deep right center . Gardner ran for Matsui . Swisher reached on bunt single to pitcher , Gardner to third . Cabrera doubled to deep center , Gardner scored , Swisher to third . Jeter singled to center , Swisher and Cabrera scored . Damon flied out to center , Jeter to second . Teixeira grounded out to shortstop . Rodriguez flied out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Griffey Jr grounded out to first . Sweeney grounded out to shortstop . Gutierrez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 5 - Yankees 8 .	Yankees burn M 's big late to win 6th straight