Orioles - Top 1st . Bedard pitching for Mariners . Jones singled to right . Markakis hit by pitch , Jones to second . Wigginton struck out swinging . Huff struck out swinging . Reimold walked , Jones to third , Markakis to second . Scott singled to center , Jones and Markakis scored , Reimold to second , Reimold to third , Scott to second on throwing error by center fielder Gutierrez . Mora flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Suzuki singled to center . Branyan flied out to center . Lopez grounded out to third , Suzuki to second . Griffey Jr walked . Gutierrez homered to left , Suzuki and Griffey Jr scored . Langerhans grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Bedard pitching for Mariners . Wieters struck out swinging . Andino struck out swinging . Jones struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Johnson walked . Woodward popped out to second . Cedeno popped out to third . Suzuki flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Bedard pitching for Mariners . Markakis struck out swinging . Wigginton flied out to right . Huff struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Branyan walked . Lopez grounded out to third , Branyan to second . Griffey Jr walked . Hendrickson pitching for Orioles . Gutierrez struck out looking . Langerhans struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Bedard pitching for Mariners . Reimold struck out looking . Scott grounded out to first . Mora grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Hendrickson pitching for Orioles . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . Woodward grounded out to shortstop . Cedeno reached on bunt single to catcher . Suzuki flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Jakubauskas pitching for Mariners . Wieters singled to center . Andino grounded into double play , third to second to first , Wieters out at second . Jones flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Hendrickson pitching for Orioles . Branyan grounded out to second . Lopez doubled to deep left . Griffey Jr struck out swinging . Gutierrez intentionally walked . Langerhans struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Jakubauskas pitching for Mariners . Markakis singled to center . Wigginton grounded out to shortstop , Markakis to second . Huff intentionally walked . Reimold singled to right , Markakis scored , Huff to second . Scott doubled to deep center , Huff and Reimold scored , Scott to third on error by second baseman Lopez . Mora singled to left , Scott scored . Kelley pitching for Mariners . Wieters grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Mora out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Albers pitching for Orioles . Johnson struck out looking . Woodward grounded out to third . Cedeno grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Kelley pitching for Mariners . Andino popped out to shortstop . Jones singled to center . Markakis walked , Jones to second . Wigginton doubled to deep right center , Jones scored , Markakis to third . Huff intentionally walked . Reimold singled to right , Markakis and Wigginton scored , Huff to third . Corcoran pitching for Mariners . Scott homered to right center , Huff and Reimold scored . Mora grounded out to third . Wieters grounded out to first . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Baez pitching for Orioles . Suzuki grounded out to second . Branyan grounded out to second . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Corcoran pitching for Mariners . Andino walked . Jones grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Andino out at second . Markakis grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Griffey Jr doubled to left . Gutierrez walked . Langerhans struck out looking . Johnson grounded into double play , third to second to first , Gutierrez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . White pitching for Mariners . Wigginton grounded out to shortstop . Huff flied out to left . Reimold struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Sherrill pitching for Orioles . Woodward singled to center . Cedeno doubled to deep center , Woodward to third . Suzuki hit sacrifice fly to right , Woodward scored , Cedeno to third . Branyan struck out swinging . Lopez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 12 - Mariners 4 .	Scott has 3 hits , 7 RBIs to power O 's past M 's