Rangers - Top 1st . Bedard pitching for Mariners . Kinsler struck out swinging . Young walked . Hamilton walked , Young to second . Jones lined into double play , center to second , Young doubled off second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Nippert pitching for Rangers . Suzuki singled to right center . Branyan fouled out to third . Lopez doubled to left , Suzuki scored . Griffey Jr walked . Gutierrez struck out swinging . Langerhans walked , Lopez to third , Griffey Jr to second . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Langerhans out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Bedard pitching for Mariners . Blalock singled to right . Byrd singled to left , Blalock to second . Cruz struck out swinging . Teagarden grounded into double play , third to second to first , Byrd out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Nippert pitching for Rangers . Hannahan struck out swinging . Cedeno popped out to shortstop . Suzuki flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Bedard pitching for Mariners . Andrus bunt grounded out to first . Kinsler flied out to right . Young grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Nippert pitching for Rangers . Branyan struck out swinging . Lopez grounded out to third . Griffey Jr grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Bedard pitching for Mariners . Hamilton safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Hannahan . Jones walked , Hamilton to second . Blalock struck out swinging . Byrd grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jones out at second , Hamilton to third . Cruz grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Byrd out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Nippert pitching for Rangers . Gutierrez singled to center . Langerhans singled to center , Gutierrez to second . Johnson struck out swinging . Hannahan flied out to center . Cedeno reached on infield single to pitcher , Gutierrez to third , Langerhans to second . Holland pitching for Rangers . Suzuki reached on infield single to pitcher , Gutierrez scored , Langerhans to third , Cedeno to second . Branyan walked , Langerhans scored , Cedeno to third , Suzuki to second . Lopez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Bedard pitching for Mariners . Teagarden safe at first on error by third baseman Hannahan . Andrus struck out looking . Kinsler grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Teagarden out at second . Young fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Holland pitching for Rangers . Griffey Jr grounded out to second . Gutierrez grounded out to shortstop . Langerhans grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Bedard pitching for Mariners . Hamilton lined out to center . Jones walked . Blalock homered to right , Jones scored . Byrd struck out swinging . Batista pitching for Mariners . Cruz homered to right . Teagarden struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Holland pitching for Rangers . Johnson lined out to second . Hannahan grounded out to second . Cedeno doubled to left . Suzuki grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Batista pitching for Mariners . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . Kinsler bunt grounded out to pitcher . Young flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Holland pitching for Rangers . Branyan popped out to shortstop . O'Day pitching for Rangers . Lopez flied out to right . Griffey Jr reached on infield single to shortstop . Wilson ran for Griffey Jr. Gutierrez singled to center , Wilson to second . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Shelton hit for Langerhans . Shelton singled to left , Wilson scored , Gutierrez to second . Balentien ran for Shelton . Johnson singled to left , Gutierrez scored , Balentien to second . Hannahan struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Balentien in left field . Lowe pitching for Mariners . Hamilton grounded out to shortstop . Jones grounded out to shortstop . Blalock struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Cedeno walked . Suzuki struck out looking . Branyan struck out swinging . Jennings pitching for Rangers . Lopez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Aardsma pitching for Mariners . Byrd grounded out to third . Cruz flied out to right . Murphy hit for Teagarden . Murphy walked . Andrus struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 3 - Mariners 5 .	Two - out RBI singles push M 's past Rangers