Mariners - Top 1st . Huff pitching for Indians . Suzuki flied out to center . Branyan grounded out to first . Lopez singled to right . Griffey Jr grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Sizemore flied out to center . Cabrera grounded out to second . Choo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Huff pitching for Indians . Gutierrez homered to right center . Langerhans doubled to deep left . Johnson popped out to second . Hannahan struck out swinging . Cedeno grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Martinez grounded out to second . Hafner singled to center . Peralta popped out to second . Garko popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Huff pitching for Indians . Suzuki grounded out to second . Branyan grounded out to pitcher . Lopez hit ground rule double to left . Griffey Jr struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Valbuena struck out swinging . Francisco struck out swinging . Sizemore safe at second on error by center fielder Gutierrez , Sizemore advanced to first on Gutierrez error , Sizemore tagged out at second attempting to advance on play . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 4th . Huff pitching for Indians . Gutierrez grounded out to shortstop . Langerhans grounded out to first . Johnson doubled to deep left center . Hannahan walked . Cedeno singled to left , Johnson scored , Hannahan to second . Suzuki singled to center , Hannahan scored , Cedeno to third . Branyan grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Suzuki out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Cabrera grounded out to first . Choo singled to center . Martinez grounded out to shortstop , Choo to second . Hafner struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Huff pitching for Indians . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . Griffey Jr struck out looking . Gutierrez lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Peralta flied out to center . Garko struck out swinging . Valbuena struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Veras pitching for Indians . Langerhans walked . Johnson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Langerhans out at second . Hannahan walked . Hannahan stole second . Cedeno singled to left , Hannahan scored , Cedeno to second advancing on throw . Suzuki safe at first on error by pitcher Veras , Cedeno scored . Sipp pitching for Indians . Branyan grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 6th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Francisco flied out to center . Sizemore tripled to deep right center . Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to left , Sizemore scored . Choo struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Sipp pitching for Indians . Lopez doubled to left center . Griffey Jr singled to center , Lopez scored . Gutierrez flied out to center . Langerhans popped out to second . Johnson walked , Griffey Jr to second . Hannahan struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Martinez grounded out to first . Hafner grounded out to second . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Smith pitching for Indians . Cedeno grounded out to pitcher . Suzuki singled to center . Branyan grounded into double play , first to third to first , Suzuki out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Garko singled to right center . Valbuena walked , Garko to second . Francisco grounded into double play , third to first , Garko out at third , Valbuena to second . Sizemore doubled to deep right center , Valbuena scored . Cabrera grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Perez pitching for Indians . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . Griffey Jr struck out looking . Gutierrez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Aardsma pitching for Mariners . Choo struck out swinging . Martinez popped out to shortstop . Hafner flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 6 - Indians 2 .	Mariners ' Hernandez shuts down feeble Tribe