Pirates - Top 1st . Maddux pitching for Cubs . Redman struck out swinging . Wilson singled to left . Kendall flied out to left . Wilson stole second . Mondesi walked . Mackowiak grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Mondesi out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 1st . Benson pitching for Pirates . Goodwin popped out to shortstop . Walker grounded out to first . Sosa reached on infield single to shortstop . Alou walked , Sosa to second . Ramirez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Maddux pitching for Cubs . Wilson reached on infield single to third . Stynes flied out to center . Castillo singled to right , Wilson to second . Benson walked , Wilson to third , Castillo to second . Redman hit sacrifice fly to center , Wilson scored . Wilson doubled to left center , Castillo scored , Benson to third . Kendall singled to center , Benson and Wilson scored . Kendall stole second , Kendall scored on throwing error by catcher Bako . Mondesi popped out to first . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Bottom 2nd . Benson pitching for Pirates . Lee walked . Gonzalez safe at first on error by shortstop Wilson , Lee to second . Bako safe at first on error by shortstop Wilson , Lee to third , Gonzalez to second . Maddux grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lee scored , Bako out at second , Gonzalez to third , Maddux to first , Gonzalez scored on throwing error by second baseman Castillo . Goodwin popped out to shortstop . Walker grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 3 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Maddux pitching for Cubs . Mackowiak hit by pitch . Wilson doubled to deep left center , Mackowiak to third . Stynes popped out to second . Castillo intentionally walked . Mackowiak caught stealing home , to catcher . Benson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Castillo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 3rd . Benson pitching for Pirates . Sosa walked . Alou flied out to right . Ramirez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Sosa out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Maddux pitching for Cubs . Redman flied out to center . Wilson singled to left . Kendall grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wilson out at second . Mondesi singled to left , Kendall to second . Mackowiak walked , Kendall to third , Mondesi to second . Wuertz pitching for Cubs . Wilson walked , Kendall scored , Mondesi to third , Mackowiak to second . Stynes grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 4th . Benson pitching for Pirates . Lee safe at first on error by left fielder Mondesi . Lee caught stealing second , catcher to second . Gonzalez fouled out to catcher . Bako grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 5th . Wuertz pitching for Cubs . Castillo singled to center . Benson sacrificed to first , Castillo to second . Redman walked . Wilson popped out to shortstop . Kendall doubled to left , Castillo scored , Redman to third . Martinez hit for Wuertz . Mondesi flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 5th . Benson pitching for Pirates . Martinez walked . Goodwin grounded out to second , Martinez to second . Walker flied out to left . Wellemeyer pitching for Cubs . Martinez at second base . Sosa flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Wellemeyer pitching for Cubs . Mackowiak struck out swinging . Wilson struck out swinging . Stynes singled to left center . Castillo struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 6th . Benson pitching for Pirates . Alou grounded out to third . Ramirez grounded out to second . Hill hit for Benson . Lee grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Wellemeyer pitching for Cubs . Hill walked . Redman bunt grounded out to third , Hill to second . Wilson grounded out to second , Hill to third . Hill hit for Benson . Kendall walked . Mondesi singled to left , Hill scored , Kendall to second . Mackowiak popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 7th . Meadows pitching for Pirates . Gonzalez grounded out to third . Bako grounded out to second . Pratt pitching for Cubs . Martinez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Pratt pitching for Cubs . Wilson walked . Stynes hit by pitch , Wilson to second . Castillo walked , Wilson to third , Stynes to second . Mercker pitching for Cubs . Meadows walked , Wilson scored , Stynes to third , Castillo to second . Redman hit sacrifice fly to left , Stynes scored . Wilson popped out to third . Kendall grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Meadows out at second . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 8th . Hollandsworth hit for Mercker . Meadows pitching for Pirates . Goodwin struck out looking . Hollandsworth flied out to left . Sosa doubled to left . Hollandsworth in right field . Borowski pitching for Cubs . Alou grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Davis ran for Mondesi . Borowski pitching for Cubs . Mondesi singled to center . Mackowiak singled to right , Davis to second . Wilson flied out to right . Stynes singled to right center , Davis scored , Mackowiak to third . Castillo singled to center , Mackowiak scored , Stynes to second . Meadows struck out looking . Redman singled to center , Stynes scored , Castillo to second . Cota catching . Davis in left field . Wilson struck out looking . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 9th . Meadows pitching for Pirates . Ramirez flied out to right . Lee grounded out to second . Gonzalez singled to center . Cota catching . Davis in left field . Gonzalez singled to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 13 - Cubs 2 .	Pirates chew on Maddux in Wrigley return