Pirates - Top 1st . Elarton pitching for Rockies . Redman flied out to center . Wilson singled to left . Wilson stole second . Kendall walked . Mackowiak struck out looking . Wilson to third , Kendall to second on wild pitch by Elarton . Wilson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Wells pitching for Pirates . Gonzalez grounded out to third . Clayton doubled to deep left center . Helton lined out to shortstop . Castilla struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Elarton pitching for Rockies . Ward grounded out to second . Stynes fouled out to right . Castillo grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Wells pitching for Pirates . Burnitz flied out to left . Holliday grounded out to first . Sweeney tripled to deep center . Johnson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Elarton pitching for Rockies . Wells flied out to center . Redman grounded out to second . Wilson tripled to deep right center . Kendall singled to center , Wilson scored , Kendall to second on throwing error by center fielder Burnitz . Mackowiak struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Wells pitching for Pirates . Elarton reached on infield single to shortstop . Gonzalez tripled to deep right center , Elarton scored . Clayton fouled out to second . Helton walked . Castilla doubled to deep right center , Gonzalez and Helton scored . Burnitz struck out swinging . Holliday homered to left , Castilla scored . Sweeney lined out to center . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Elarton pitching for Rockies . Wilson singled to center . Ward doubled to right , Wilson to third . Stynes grounded out to second , Wilson scored , Ward to third . Castillo grounded out to second , Ward scored . Wells lined out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Wells pitching for Pirates . Johnson grounded out to third . Elarton walked . Gonzalez fouled out to catcher . Clayton hit by pitch , Elarton to second . Helton flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Elarton pitching for Rockies . Redman reached on infield single to second . Wilson singled to left , Redman to second , Redman to third , Wilson to second on error by left fielder Holliday . Kendall struck out swinging . Mackowiak lined out to second . Wilson homered to right , Redman and Wilson scored . Boyd pitching for Pirates . Ward popped out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Boyd pitching for Pirates . Castilla reached on infield single to shortstop . Burnitz homered to left , Castilla scored . Holliday struck out swinging . Sweeney walked . Miles hit for Elarton . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Sweeney safe at third on error by pitcher Boyd . Reed pitching for Rockies . Miles grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Johnson out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 6th . Reed pitching for Rockies . Stynes popped out to second . Nunez hit for Boyd . Castillo reached on infield single to pitcher . Nunez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Castillo out at second . Boehringer pitching for Pirates . Redman grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Boehringer pitching for Pirates . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Clayton doubled to left . Clayton to third on passed ball by Kendall . Helton walked . Castilla hit sacrifice fly to right , Clayton scored . Burnitz walked , Helton to second . Harikkala pitching for Rockies . Hocking in left field . Holliday grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Harikkala pitching for Rockies . Wilson popped out to second . Kendall lined out to right . Johnston pitching for Pirates . Mackowiak grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Johnston pitching for Pirates . Sweeney doubled to deep left center . Johnson singled to center , Sweeney to third . Hocking batting . Gonzalez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hocking out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Harikkala pitching for Rockies . Wilson homered to left . Nunez pitching for Rockies . Ward singled to center . Stynes lined into double play , right to first , Ward doubled off first . Hill hit for Johnston . Castillo walked . Hill homered to right , Castillo scored . Redman homered to right . Meadows pitching for Pirates . Wilson struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Meadows pitching for Pirates . Clayton doubled to deep right . Helton doubled to deep left , Clayton scored . Castilla singled to right , Helton to third . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Pellow hit for Nunez . Burnitz hit sacrifice fly to left , Helton scored . Pellow struck out swinging . Sweeney singled to right center , Castilla to third . Johnson walked , Sweeney to second . Pellow in right field . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Hocking struck out looking . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Kendall singled to left . Mackowiak sacrificed to pitcher , Kendall to second . Bay hit for Ward . Wilson intentionally walked . Bay struck out swinging . Mackowiak in right field . Wilson at first base . Bay in left field . Stynes struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Gonzalez singled to left . Clayton sacrificed to catcher , Gonzalez to second . Helton intentionally walked . Castilla grounded out to shortstop , Gonzalez to third , Helton to second . Burnitz grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 10th . Vogelsong hit for Grabow . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Castillo singled to right . Vogelsong sacrificed to third , Castillo to second . Redman flied out to left . Chacon pitching for Rockies . Pellow in left field . Hawpe in right field . Hocking in center field . Wilson walked . Torres pitching for Pirates . Kendall flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 10th . Torres pitching for Pirates . Pellow lined out to third . Hawpe grounded out to pitcher . Johnson singled to left center . Hocking flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 11th . Chacon pitching for Rockies . Mackowiak walked . Mackowiak stole second . Wilson walked . Bay sacrificed to first , Mackowiak to third , Wilson to second . Stynes intentionally walked . Castillo grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Mackowiak out at home . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 11th . Torres pitching for Pirates . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Clayton singled to right . Helton grounded out to first , Clayton to second . Jennings hit for Chacon . Castilla intentionally walked . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Cota hit for Torres . Jennings reached on infield single to second , Clayton tagged out at home , Castilla to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 12th . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Cota hit by pitch . Redman struck out swinging . Wilson singled to right , Cota to third . Wilson to second on wild pitch by Lopez . Kendall intentionally walked . Mackowiak singled to right , Cota scored , Wilson to third , Kendall to second . Wilson tripled to deep center , Wilson , Kendall and Mackowiak scored . Bay flied out to left . Stynes singled to right , Wilson scored . Mesa pitching for Pirates . Castillo flied out to left . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 12th . Mesa pitching for Pirates . Pellow grounded out to third . Hawpe struck out swinging . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 15 - Rockies 10 .	Pirates beat Rockies in 12