Brewers - Top 1st . Benson pitching for Pirates . Podsednik singled to center . Counsell struck out swinging , Podsednik stole second . Jenkins grounded out to second , Podsednik to third . Overbay singled to left , Podsednik scored . Overbay to second on wild pitch by Benson . Grieve grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . Kendall grounded out to second . Wilson fouled out to right . Mackowiak grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Benson pitching for Pirates . Helms struck out looking . Ginter grounded out to third . Bennett grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . Wilson grounded out to first . Bay grounded out to third . Simon lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Benson pitching for Pirates . Obermueller singled to center . Podsednik flied out to left . Counsell doubled to deep right , Obermueller to third . Jenkins lined into double play , shortstop to third , Obermueller doubled off third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . Redman grounded out to shortstop . Nunez singled to center . Benson sacrificed to pitcher , Nunez to second . Kendall grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Benson pitching for Pirates . Overbay struck out swinging . Grieve grounded out to shortstop . Helms flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . Mackowiak grounded out to shortstop . Wilson homered to left . Bay hit by pitch . Simon lined out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Benson pitching for Pirates . Ginter popped out to first . Bennett singled to left . Obermueller grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bennett out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . Redman singled to left . Nunez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Redman out at second . Benson singled to right . Kendall grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Benson out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Benson pitching for Pirates . Podsednik grounded out to second . Counsell doubled to left . Jenkins flied out to left . Overbay doubled to left , Counsell scored . Grieve flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . Wilson doubled to left . Mackowiak singled to right , Wilson scored . Wilson hit by pitch , Mackowiak to second . Burba pitching for Brewers . Bay walked , Mackowiak to third , Wilson to second . Simon doubled to left , Mackowiak and Wilson scored , Bay to third . Redman flied out to left . Nunez struck out swinging . Benson struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Benson pitching for Pirates . Helms flied out to center . Helms singled to center . Kieschnick hit for Burba . Bennett grounded out to shortstop , Helms to third . Adams pitching for Brewers . Kieschnick grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Adams pitching for Brewers . Kendall singled to shallow center . Wilson singled to left , Kendall to second . Mackowiak flied out to center , Kendall to third , Wilson to second . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . Bay reached on infield single to second , Kendall scored , Wilson to third . Mackowiak in left field . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Stynes at third base . Simon grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Podsednik grounded out to first . Counsell singled to left . Jenkins struck out swinging . Overbay singled to center , Counsell to third . Torres pitching for Pirates . Clark ran for Grieve . Grieve singled to center , Counsell scored , Overbay to second . Clark in right field . Helms grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Clark out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Adams pitching for Brewers . Redman singled to left center . Vizcaino pitching for Brewers . Hall at third base . Hall at third base . Nunez walked , Redman to second . Vizcaino pitching for Brewers . Stynes bunt popped out to first . Mesa pitching for Pirates . Kendall grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Nunez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Mesa pitching for Pirates . Ginter singled to center . Bennett grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ginter out at second . Hall singled to left . Hall to second on wild pitch by Mesa . Podsednik grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 3 - Pirates 5 .	Simon sez : Double helps Bucs win 8th in row