Reds - Top 1st . Fogg pitching for Pirates . Freel grounded out to third . Larkin homered to left . Casey grounded out to first . Dunn struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Harang pitching for Reds . Kendall grounded out to second . Wilson flied out to right . Mackowiak grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 2nd . Fogg pitching for Pirates . Jimenez grounded out to second . Pena walked . Cruz lined out to shortstop . LaRue singled to left center , Pena to second . Harang struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Harang pitching for Reds . Wilson struck out swinging . Bay struck out swinging . Redman grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 3rd . Fogg pitching for Pirates . Freel singled to right center . Larkin doubled to right center , Freel scored , Larkin to third on error by right fielder Wilson . Casey hit by pitch . Casey to second on wild pitch by Fogg . Dunn walked . Vogelsong pitching for Pirates . Jimenez singled to left , Larkin scored , Casey to third , Dunn to second . Pena struck out swinging . Cruz struck out swinging . LaRue fouled out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Harang pitching for Reds . Simon singled to right . Castillo grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Simon out at second . Castillo stole second . Vogelsong walked . Kendall popped out to shortstop . Wilson doubled to left center , Castillo scored , Vogelsong to third . Mackowiak lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 4th . Vogelsong pitching for Pirates . Harang struck out looking . Freel grounded out to second . Larkin walked . Larkin to second on wild pitch by Vogelsong . Casey walked . Dunn doubled to deep right , Larkin scored , Casey to third . Jimenez walked . Pena struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Harang pitching for Reds . Wilson doubled to deep center . Bay hit by pitch . Redman grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Bay out at second , Wilson to third . Simon flied out to left . Castillo grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 5th . Vogelsong pitching for Pirates . Cruz struck out swinging . LaRue walked . Harang bunt popped out foul to catcher . Alvarez hit for Vogelsong . Freel grounded into fielder 's choice to second , LaRue out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Harang pitching for Reds . Alvarez hit by pitch . Kendall walked , Alvarez to second . Wilson sacrificed to catcher , Alvarez to third , Kendall to second . Mackowiak hit sacrifice fly to left , Alvarez scored . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Wilson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 6th . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Larkin grounded out to pitcher . Casey lined out to left . Dunn singled to left . Jimenez lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Harang pitching for Reds . Bay hit ground rule double to deep left . Redman reached on infield single to shortstop . Simon singled to left , Bay scored , Redman to second . Hill hit for Grabow . Castillo sacrificed into fielder 's choice to first , Redman to third , Simon to second . Riedling pitching for Reds . Hill singled to left , Redman scored , Simon to third , Castillo to second . Kendall doubled to left , Simon and Castillo scored , Hill to third . Norton pitching for Reds . Wilson safe at first on error by third baseman Freel . Wagner pitching for Reds . Mackowiak popped out to shortstop . Wilson singled to left center , Hill and Kendall scored , Wilson to third . Bay singled to left , Wilson scored , Wilson to second . Redman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bay out at second , Wilson to third . Meadows pitching for Pirates . Simon grounded out to second . 7 Runs , 7 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Top 7th . Meadows pitching for Pirates . Pena walked . Cruz grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Pena out at second . LaRue struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Nunez hit for Meadows . Wagner pitching for Reds . Castillo safe at first on error by shortstop Larkin . Nunez flied out to left . Kendall walked , Castillo to second . Jones pitching for Reds . Wilson flied out to center , Castillo to third . Mackowiak singled to right , Castillo scored , Kendall to second . Wilson walked , Kendall to third , Mackowiak to second . Bay singled to left , Kendall and Mackowiak scored , Wilson to second . Roberts pitching for Pirates . House catching . Vander Wal hit for Jones . Redman grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bay out at second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Top 8th . Roberts pitching for Pirates . Vander Wal singled to right . Freel struck out swinging . Larkin singled to right , Vander Wal to second . Gonzalez pitching for Pirates . Casey walked , Vander Wal to third , Larkin to second . Dunn struck out swinging . Hummel at shortstop . Graves pitching for Reds . Vander Wal at first base . Jimenez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Graves pitching for Reds . Simon grounded out to second . Castillo singled to left . House doubled to left , Castillo to third . Gonzalez doubled to deep right , Castillo and House scored . Wilson grounded out to third . Mackowiak struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 9th . Romano hit for Cruz . Gonzalez pitching for Pirates . Pena grounded out to shortstop . Romano grounded out to second . Valentin hit for Vander Wal . LaRue singled to left center . Valentin struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Reds 4 - Pirates 14 .	Big sixth helps Pirates plunder slumping Reds