Rockies - Top 1st . Wells pitching for Pirates . Gonzalez grounded out to third . Clayton hit ground rule double to right . Helton struck out looking . Castilla grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Fassero pitching for Rockies . Kendall walked . Wilson grounded into double play , third to second to first , Kendall out at second . Mackowiak flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Wells pitching for Pirates . Burnitz struck out swinging . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . Holliday singled to center . Closser singled to left , Holliday to second . Fassero struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Fassero pitching for Rockies . Wilson walked . Bay singled to center , Wilson to third , Bay to second advancing on throw . Redman lined out to first . Wigginton intentionally walked . Castillo hit sacrifice fly to right , Wilson scored , Bay to third . Wells lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Wells pitching for Pirates . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Clayton struck out looking . Helton walked . Castilla homered to left , Helton scored . Burnitz popped out to shallow left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Fassero pitching for Rockies . Kendall flied out to left . Wilson walked . Mackowiak grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Wilson out at second . Wilson flied out to deep right center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Wells pitching for Pirates . Wilson popped out to third . Holliday singled to center . Closser fouled out to shortstop . Fassero singled to center , Holliday to second . Gonzalez homered to left , Holliday and Fassero scored . Clayton hit by pitch . Helton singled to left , Clayton to second . Clayton to third on wild pitch by Wells . Castilla flied out to deep left center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Fassero pitching for Rockies . Bay hit by pitch . Redman singled to shallow left center , Bay to second . Wigginton grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Redman out at second , Bay to third . Castillo hit sacrifice fly to center , Bay scored . Wells struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Wells pitching for Pirates . Burnitz singled to deep right . Wilson singled to center , Burnitz to second . Holliday flied out to left . Closser singled to center , Burnitz scored , Wilson to second . Fassero sacrificed to first , Wilson to third , Closser to second . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Fassero pitching for Rockies . Kendall grounded out to third . Wilson flied out to deep left center . Mackowiak grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Meadows pitching for Pirates . Clayton grounded out to shortstop . Helton grounded out to first . Castilla flied out to deep center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Fassero pitching for Rockies . Wilson lined out to center . Bay homered to left . Redman homered to right center . Wigginton grounded out to second . Wigginton grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Redman out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Meadows pitching for Pirates . Burnitz struck out swinging , Burnitz safe at first on wild pitch by Meadows . Wilson homered to left , Burnitz scored . Holliday singled to left . Closser lined into double play , to shortstop , Holliday doubled off first . Fassero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Bautista hit for Meadows . Fassero pitching for Rockies . Castillo flied out to right . Bautista flied out to deep right . Roberts pitching for Pirates . Kendall grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Roberts pitching for Pirates . Gonzalez popped out to second . Clayton popped out to second . Helton singled to left center . Castilla flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Dohmann pitching for Rockies . Wilson grounded out to catcher . Mackowiak struck out swinging . Wilson walked . Bay grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wilson out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Roberts pitching for Pirates . Burnitz walked . Wilson hit by pitch , Burnitz to second . Holliday flied out to right , Burnitz to third . Piedra hit for Dohmann . Closser doubled to deep right , Burnitz scored , Wilson to third . Piedra struck out swinging . Piedra in center field . Reed pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Reed pitching for Rockies . Redman flied out to right . Nunez hit for Castillo . Wigginton flied out to shallow right . Nunez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 9 - Pirates 3 .	Three Rockies HRs back Fassaro 's seven strong