Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Van Benschoten pitching for Pirates . McCracken walked . Cintron flied out to left . McCracken stole second , McCracken safe at third on throwing error by catcher Kendall . Bautista walked . Hillenbrand grounded into double play , third to second to first , Bautista out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Fossum pitching for Diamondbacks . Kendall grounded out to shortstop . Wilson singled to center . Bay singled to center , Wilson to third . Wilson walked , Bay to second . Wigginton hit sacrifice fly to left , Wilson scored . Bautista struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Van Benschoten pitching for Pirates . Tracy lined out to shortstop . Hairston safe at second on error by third baseman Wigginton . Terrero grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Hairston out at third , Terrero to second . Snyder homered to left , Terrero scored . Fossum singled to left center . McCracken singled to right , Fossum to second . Cintron doubled to right , Fossum scored , McCracken to third . Bautista lined out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Fossum pitching for Diamondbacks . Redman grounded out to second . Castillo doubled to left . Van Benschoten homered to center , Castillo scored . Kendall lined out to third . Wilson grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Van Benschoten pitching for Pirates . Hillenbrand doubled to left . Tracy singled to center , Hillenbrand to third . Hairston struck out swinging . Terrero hit by pitch , Tracy to second . Snyder hit sacrifice fly to left , Hillenbrand scored . Fossum struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Fossum pitching for Diamondbacks . Bay singled to left center , Bay thrown out at second . Wilson homered to left center . Wigginton flied out to right . Bautista popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Van Benschoten pitching for Pirates . McCracken lined out to center . Cintron flied out to left . Bautista flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Fossum pitching for Diamondbacks . Redman popped out to first . Castillo lined out to first . Van Benschoten struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Van Benschoten pitching for Pirates . Hillenbrand lined out to first . Tracy popped out to shortstop . Hairston lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Fossum pitching for Diamondbacks . Kendall grounded out to third . Wilson reached on infield single to second . Bay walked , Wilson to second . Wilson struck out swinging . Wigginton lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Van Benschoten pitching for Pirates . Terrero popped out to first . Snyder struck out looking . Fossum bunt grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Fossum pitching for Diamondbacks . Bautista grounded out to third . Redman lined out to left . Castillo doubled to deep center . Van Benschoten walked . Kendall struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Van Benschoten pitching for Pirates . McCracken grounded out to shortstop . Cintron lined out to first . Bautista singled to left . Bautista stole second . Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks . Hillenbrand struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks . Wilson struck out swinging . Bay flied out to center . Gonzalez pitching for Pirates . Green hit for Tracy . Wilson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Gonzalez pitching for Pirates . Green struck out swinging . Hairston reached on infield single to shortstop . Terrero struck out swinging . Hairston to second on wild pitch by Gonzalez . Green at third base . Snyder struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Mackowiak hit for Bautista . Nance pitching for Diamondbacks . Wigginton grounded out to first . Mackowiak struck out looking . Redman reached on infield single to second . Cota hit for Gonzalez . Castillo singled to center , Redman to second . Mackowiak in right field . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Baerga hit for Nance . Cota flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Gil ran for Baerga . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Baerga reached on infield single to third . McCracken sacrificed to pitcher , Gil to second . Mesa pitching for Pirates . Cintron singled to center , Gil scored , Cintron to second advancing on throw . Bautista popped out to second . Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks . Hillenbrand grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks . Kendall singled to left . Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kendall out at second . Bay struck out swinging . Wilson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 5 - Pirates 4 .	Cintron drives in winner for D - Backs vs. Pirates