Athletics - Top 1st . Shields pitching for Rays . Pennington flied out to center . Barton homered to right ( 350 feet ) . Sweeney grounded out to first . Chavez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 1st . Braden pitching for Athletics . Bartlett popped out to second . Crawford reached on infield single to third . Zobrist singled to left , Crawford to second . Longoria grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Zobrist out at second , Crawford to third . Pena grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Shields pitching for Rays . Kouzmanoff grounded out to shortstop . Gross struck out swinging . Fox safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Shields . Patterson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rays - Bottom 2nd . Braden pitching for Athletics . Upton doubled to deep right center . Aybar grounded out to shortstop . Kapler singled to left , Upton to third . Jaso grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Upton scored , Kapler safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Barton , Jaso safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Barton . Bartlett doubled to shallow right , Kapler scored , Jaso to third . Crawford struck out swinging . Zobrist grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 3rd . Shields pitching for Rays . Rosales struck out looking . Pennington lined out to first . Barton lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 3rd . Braden pitching for Athletics . Longoria flied out to center . Pena flied out to right . Upton grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Shields pitching for Rays . Sweeney doubled to left center . Chavez struck out swinging . Kouzmanoff safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Bartlett , Sweeney scored . Gross struck out swinging . Fox struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rays - Bottom 4th . Braden pitching for Athletics . Aybar singled to right . Kapler grounded into double play , third to second to first , Aybar out at second . Jaso walked . Bartlett popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Shields pitching for Rays . Patterson singled to right . Rosales doubled to left , Patterson thrown out at home , Rosales to third advancing on throw . Pennington walked . Barton struck out swinging . Sweeney struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 5th . Braden pitching for Athletics . Crawford walked . Crawford to second on wild pitch by Braden . Zobrist walked . Longoria hit ground rule double to deep left , Crawford scored , Zobrist to third . Pena singled to right , Zobrist scored , Longoria scored on error by first baseman Barton . Upton singled to center , Pena to second . Aybar singled to left center , Pena to third , Upton to second . Pena scored , Upton to third , Aybar to second on wild pitch by Ross . Brignac grounded out to second , Upton scored , Aybar to third . Jaso hit sacrifice fly to left , Aybar scored . Bartlett walked . Crawford singled to center , Bartlett to third . Zobrist flied out to center . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 6th . Shields pitching for Rays . Chavez grounded out to second . Kouzmanoff singled to right . Gross grounded out to second , Kouzmanoff to second . Fox struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 6th . Kilby pitching for Athletics . Longoria homered to left ( 407 feet ) . Pena homered to center ( 426 feet ) . Upton struck out swinging . Aybar singled to center . Brignac popped out to first . Jaso fouled out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Shields pitching for Rays . Patterson singled to center . Rosales struck out swinging . Pennington flied out to right . Patterson to second on passed ball by Jaso . Barton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 7th . Kilby pitching for Athletics . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Crawford flied out to center . Zobrist popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Sonnanstine pitching for Rays . Tolleson safe at first on error by third baseman Longoria . Chavez singled to center , Tolleson to second . Kouzmanoff flied out to right . Gross lined out to left . Fox popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rays - Bottom 8th . Gaudin pitching for Athletics . Longoria struck out swinging . Pena flied out to left . Upton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Sonnanstine pitching for Rays . Patterson flied out to left . Rosales homered to left ( 374 feet ) . Pennington singled to left . Davis singled to center , Pennington to second . Tolleson flied out to left . Chavez grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 3 - Rays 10 .	Shields fans 12 ; Longoria , Pena power Rays