Rays - Top 1st . Lee pitching for Mariners . Bartlett singled to left . Crawford grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bartlett out at second . Zobrist grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Crawford out at second . Longoria popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Garza pitching for Rays . Suzuki flied out to left . Figgins grounded out to second . Kotchman struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 2nd . Lee pitching for Mariners . Pena struck out swinging . Upton struck out swinging . Burrell singled to left . Navarro grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Garza pitching for Rays . Gutierrez grounded out to shortstop . Griffey Jr flied out to right . Lopez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 3rd . Lee pitching for Mariners . Kapler struck out swinging . Bartlett struck out swinging . Crawford singled to center . Zobrist flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Garza pitching for Rays . Langerhans flied out to left . Ja Wilson reached on bunt single to pitcher . Johnson grounded out to shortstop , Ja Wilson to second . Suzuki grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 4th . Jo Wilson at shortstop . Lee pitching for Mariners . Longoria grounded out to second . Pena grounded out to shortstop . Upton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Garza pitching for Rays . Figgins grounded out to pitcher . Kotchman doubled to right . Gutierrez homered to right ( 356 feet ) , Kotchman scored . Griffey Jr hit ground rule double to deep right . Lopez grounded out to shortstop , Griffey Jr to third . Langerhans struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 5th . Lee pitching for Mariners . Burrell struck out looking . Navarro doubled to left . Kapler singled to right , Navarro scored . Bartlett doubled to left , Kapler scored , Bartlett to third advancing on throw . Crawford grounded out to first . Zobrist grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Garza pitching for Rays . Jo Wilson popped out to second . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . Suzuki struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 6th . Lee pitching for Mariners . Longoria flied out to center . Pena grounded out to shortstop . Upton grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Garza pitching for Rays . Figgins struck out swinging . Kotchman grounded out to first . Gutierrez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 7th . Lee pitching for Mariners . Burrell fouled out to first . Navarro grounded out to shortstop . Kapler popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Garza pitching for Rays . Griffey Jr flied out to right . Lopez struck out swinging . Langerhans walked . Langerhans to second on wild pitch by Garza . Jo Wilson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 8th . Lee pitching for Mariners . Bartlett flied out to right . Crawford singled to center . Zobrist reached on bunt single to third , Crawford to second . Longoria singled to left , Crawford scored , Zobrist to second , Zobrist to third advancing on throw . Pena lined out to shortstop , Zobrist scored , Longoria to third on throwing error by shortstop Jo Wilson . Upton singled to center , Longoria scored . Burrell flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Garza pitching for Rays . Johnson flied out to center . Suzuki singled to left . Figgins flied out to left . Kotchman grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 9th . White pitching for Mariners . Navarro walked . Brignac hit for Kapler . Brignac doubled to deep center , Navarro scored . Bartlett walked . Brignac to third , Bartlett to second on passed ball by Johnson . Crawford walked . Zobrist hit sacrifice fly to right , Brignac scored , Bartlett to third . Texeira pitching for Mariners . Longoria grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bartlett scored , Crawford out at second . Pena struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Zobrist in right field . Brignac at second base . Balfour pitching for Rays . Gutierrez singled to shallow center . Griffey Jr grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Gutierrez safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Pena . Lopez flied out to center . Langerhans walked , Gutierrez to third , Griffey Jr to second . Jo Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gutierrez scored , Langerhans out at second , Griffey Jr to third . Sweeney hit for Johnson . Sweeney struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Rays 8 - Mariners 3 .	Rays ' Garza rules M 's , first in AL to five wins