Rays - Top 1st . Marcum pitching for Blue Jays . Upton singled to left center . Crawford flied out to center . Longoria singled to center , Upton to third . Aybar flied out to right . Rodriguez popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Price pitching for Rays . Lewis singled to center . Hill popped out to second . Lind grounded into fielder 's choice to center , Lewis safe at third on error by shortstop Brignac . Wells struck out swinging . Bautista singled to left , Lewis scored , Lind to third . Bautista caught stealing second , catcher to second . Gonzalez batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rays - Top 2nd . Marcum pitching for Blue Jays . Zobrist fouled out to right . Kapler hit by pitch . Navarro grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kapler out at second . Brignac struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Price pitching for Rays . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Overbay tripled to deep center . Buck hit sacrifice fly to center , Overbay scored . Encarnacion flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 3rd . Marcum pitching for Blue Jays . Upton hit ground rule double to left . Crawford flied out to center . Longoria grounded out to third , Upton to third . Aybar grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Price pitching for Rays . Lewis grounded out to second . Hill flied out to center . Lind grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 4th . Marcum pitching for Blue Jays . Rodriguez fouled out to first . Zobrist lined out to third . Kapler flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Price pitching for Rays . Wells doubled to right . Bautista flied out to left . Wells caught stealing third , pitcher to second to third . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 5th . Marcum pitching for Blue Jays . Navarro singled to right . Brignac grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Navarro safe at third on throwing error by catcher Buck . Upton flied out to right , Navarro thrown out at home , Brignac to third . Crawford singled to center , Brignac scored . Longoria grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Price pitching for Rays . Overbay singled to center . Buck singled to right , Overbay to third . Encarnacion flied out to right . Lewis grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Buck out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 6th . Marcum pitching for Blue Jays . Aybar struck out looking . Rodriguez doubled to deep right . Zobrist singled to center , Rodriguez tagged out at third . Kapler flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Price pitching for Rays . Hill reached on infield single to third . Lind hit by pitch , Hill to second . Wells grounded into double play , third to second to first , Lind out at second , Hill to third . Bautista flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 7th . Marcum pitching for Blue Jays . Navarro flied out to right . Brignac flied out to right . Upton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Price pitching for Rays . Gonzalez flied out to left . Overbay struck out swinging . Buck singled to center . Encarnacion flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 8th . Marcum pitching for Blue Jays . Crawford grounded out to second . Longoria lined out to left . Aybar flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Price pitching for Rays . Lewis singled to right center . Hill grounded into double play , third to second to first , Lewis out at second . Lind grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 9th . Marcum pitching for Blue Jays . Rodriguez singled to left . Zobrist singled to left , Rodriguez to second . Jaso hit for Kapler . Jaso grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Zobrist out at second , Rodriguez to third . Navarro sacrificed into fielder 's choice to first , Rodriguez scored , Jaso to second . Brignac doubled to left center , Jaso scored , Navarro to third . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Upton walked . Downs pitching for Blue Jays . Crawford homered to right ( 409 feet ) , Navarro , Brignac and Upton scored . Longoria flied out to center . Aybar singled to center . Rodriguez struck out looking . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Zobrist in right field . Pena at first base . Soriano pitching for Rays . Wells popped out to second . Bautista struck out swinging . Gonzalez singled to center . Gonzalez to second on fielder 's indifference . Overbay doubled to deep center , Gonzalez scored . Buck struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rays 7 - Blue Jays 3 .	Rays upend Jays in 9th for 2nd straight day