Rays - Top 1st . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Upton struck out looking . Crawford struck out swinging . Longoria grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Davis pitching for Rays . Andrus struck out looking . Young fouled out to right . Kinsler flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 2nd . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Aybar singled to center . Zobrist doubled to deep right , Aybar to third . Shoppach walked . Pena grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Aybar scored , Zobrist to third , Shoppach safe at second on error by second baseman Kinsler . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Zobrist scored , Shoppach out at third , Pena to second . Kapler struck out swinging . Upton walked , Pena to third , Rodriguez to second . Crawford singled to left , Pena and Rodriguez scored , Upton to second . Longoria popped out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Davis pitching for Rays . Guerrero grounded out to shortstop . Hamilton doubled to right . Murphy grounded out to second , Hamilton to third . Smoak homered to right ( 409 feet ) , Hamilton scored . Ramirez singled to center . Borbon singled to center , Ramirez to second . Andrus struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 3rd . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Aybar flied out to left . Zobrist struck out swinging . Shoppach singled to left . Pena grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Davis pitching for Rays . Young flied out to right . Kinsler struck out swinging . Guerrero grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 4th . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Rodriguez reached on bunt single to catcher . Kapler grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rodriguez out at second . Upton grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Kapler out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Davis pitching for Rays . Hamilton homered to right ( 405 feet ) . Murphy flied out to right . Smoak reached on infield single to second . Ramirez hit by pitch , Smoak to second . Borbon singled to center , Smoak to third , Ramirez to second . Andrus singled to center , Smoak scored , Ramirez to third , Borbon to second . Young singled to center , Ramirez and Borbon scored , Andrus to third , Young to second advancing on throw . Sonnanstine pitching for Rays . Kinsler hit by pitch . Guerrero doubled to deep left , Andrus , Young and Kinsler scored , Guerrero thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . Hamilton doubled to deep left . Murphy grounded out to first . 7 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 5th . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Crawford flied out to left . Longoria flied out to right . Aybar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Sonnanstine pitching for Rays . Smoak singled to right . Ramirez struck out looking . Borbon flied out to center . Andrus lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 6th . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Zobrist singled to center . Shoppach walked , Zobrist to second . Pena walked , Zobrist to third , Shoppach to second . O'Day pitching for Rangers . Brignac hit for Rodriguez . Brignac popped out to shortstop . Blalock hit for Kapler . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Blalock grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Zobrist scored , Pena out at second , Shoppach to third . Upton walked , Blalock to second . Crawford struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Brignac at shortstop . Blalock in right field . Sonnanstine pitching for Rays . Young struck out swinging . Kinsler grounded out to third . Guerrero flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 7th . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Longoria homered to left ( 379 feet ) . Aybar flied out to left . Zobrist reached on infield single to shortstop . Zobrist to second on wild pitch by Harrison . Shoppach struck out swinging . Pena walked . Oliver pitching for Rangers . Brignac struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Choate pitching for Rays . Jaso catching . Hamilton struck out swinging . Murphy struck out swinging . Smoak walked . Cormier pitching for Rays . Ramirez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 8th . Francisco pitching for Rangers . Blalock struck out swinging . Upton struck out swinging . Crawford popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Cormier pitching for Rays . Borbon reached on bunt single to third . Borbon caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Texas 's Manager Washington ejected by Guccione in the 8th . Andrus walked . Young grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Andrus out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 9th . Treanor catching . Treanor catching . Treanor catching . Longoria struck out swinging . Feliz pitching for Rangers . Treanor catching . Treanor catching . Treanor catching . Longoria struck out swinging . Feliz pitching for Rangers . Treanor catching . Treanor catching . Treanor catching . Longoria struck out swinging . Feliz pitching for Rangers . Aybar struck out looking . Zobrist hit by pitch . Zobrist to second on fielder 's indifference . Jaso hit by pitch . Pena grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rays 6 - Rangers 9 .	Smoak HR powers Rangers ' rally past Rays