Rays - Top 1st . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Rodriguez singled to center . Crawford struck out swinging , Rodriguez to second on wild pitch by Blackburn . Longoria tripled to deep right , Rodriguez scored . Aybar grounded out to third . Joyce grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Shields pitching for Rays . Span grounded out to first . Hudson grounded out to shortstop . Mauer singled to left . Morneau doubled to deep right , Mauer scored . Kubel struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 2nd . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Shoppach struck out swinging . Pena grounded out to first . Upton reached on infield single to second . Bartlett grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Upton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Shields pitching for Rays . Cuddyer flied out to center . Thome grounded out to shortstop . Young grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 3rd . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Rodriguez homered to left ( 360 feet ) . Crawford flied out to left . Longoria popped out to second . Aybar flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Shields pitching for Rays . Hardy popped out to shortstop . Span grounded out to second . Hudson singled to right center . Hudson to second on wild pitch by Shields . Mauer flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 4th . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Joyce struck out swinging . Shoppach singled to left . Pena flied out to center . Upton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Shields pitching for Rays . Morneau flied out to right . Kubel singled to center . Cuddyer grounded into double play , third to second to first , Kubel out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 5th . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Bartlett grounded out to shortstop . Rodriguez singled to right . Crawford grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rodriguez out at second . Longoria grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Shields pitching for Rays . Thome singled to left . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Thome out at second . Young caught stealing second , catcher to second . Hardy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 6th . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Aybar walked . Joyce flied out to center . Shoppach grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Aybar out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Shields pitching for Rays . Span flied out to center . Hudson flied out to left . Mauer flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 7th . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Pena singled to right . Upton singled to left , Pena to second . Bartlett sacrificed to catcher , Pena to third , Upton to second , Bartlett safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Blackburn . Pena scored , Upton to third on throwing error by pitcher Blackburn . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Crawford intentionally walked . Longoria singled to center , Upton and Bartlett scored , Crawford to second . Duensing pitching for Twins . Aybar struck out looking . Kapler hit for Joyce . Kapler doubled to deep left center , Crawford and Longoria scored . Shoppach flied out to center . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 7th . Kapler in right field . Shields pitching for Rays . Morneau singled to center . Kubel walked , Morneau to second . Cuddyer singled to left , Morneau to third , Kubel to second . Thome singled to deep right , Morneau and Kubel scored , Cuddyer to third . Balfour pitching for Rays . Young singled to left , Cuddyer scored , Thome to second . Hardy flied out to center , Thome to third . Span grounded out to first , Young to second . Hudson grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 8th . Burnett pitching for Twins . Pena singled to left . Upton popped out to shortstop . Bartlett singled to left , Pena to third . Rodriguez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bartlett out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Choate pitching for Rays . Mauer grounded out to shortstop . Morneau grounded out to first . Kubel grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 9th . Mahay pitching for Twins . Crawford struck out swinging . Longoria doubled to left . Aybar struck out swinging . Kapler popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Soriano pitching for Rays . Cuddyer struck out swinging . Thome grounded out to second . Young doubled to right . Hardy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rays 7 - Twins 4 .	Rays defeat Twins , win first series in last month