Nationals - Top 1st . Smith pitching for Diamondbacks . Turner homered to left ( 443 feet ) . Harrison flied out to center . Soto walked . Schwarber singled to right , Soto to second . Castro walked , Schwarber to second , Soto to third . Bell doubled to right , Soto scored and Schwarber scored , Castro to third . Gomes doubled to deep left center , Bell scored and Castro scored . Scherzer grounded out to second , Gomes to third . Robles doubled to deep left , Gomes scored . Turner grounded out to shortstop . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Smith struck out swinging . Rojas grounded out to second . Escobar flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Smith pitching for Diamondbacks . Harrison flied out to left . Soto grounded out to third . Schwarber homered to left center ( 424 feet ) . Castro safe at first on throwing error by second baseman An . Young , Castro safe at second on error . Bell grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Peralta walked . An . Young flied out to center . Vogt struck out swinging . VanMeter fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Smith pitching for Diamondbacks . Gomes tripled to deep center . Scherzer grounded out to pitcher . Robles doubled to deep right center , Gomes scored . Turner grounded out to third . Harrison flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Varsho struck out swinging . Smith struck out looking . Smith flied out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Smith pitching for Diamondbacks . Soto struck out swinging . Schwarber struck out swinging . Castro grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Rojas singled to center . Escobar struck out swinging . Peralta singled to right , Rojas to third . An . Young struck out swinging . Vogt lined out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Smith pitching for Diamondbacks . Bell walked . Gomes singled to deep right , Bell to third . Scherzer sacrificed to first , Gomes to second . Robles hit by pitch . Turner doubled to deep right , Bell scored and Gomes scored , Robles to third . Stevenson ran for Robles . Harrison singled to left , Stevenson scored , Turner to third . Soto lined out to left . Schwarber walked , Harrison to second . Castro flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Stevenson in center field . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . VanMeter lined out to right . Varsho flied out to center . Smith struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Smith pitching for Diamondbacks . Bell singled to center . Gomes singled to center , Bell to second . Scherzer bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Gomes to second , Bell out at third . Stevenson flied out to center , Gomes to third . Turner grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Harris pitching for Nationals . Mercer at shortstop . Smith doubled to deep left . Rojas grounded out to second , Smith to third . Escobar grounded out to second , Smith scored . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Smith at first base . Ginkel pitching for Diamondbacks . VanMeter at third base . Varsho in right field . Heath in center field . Harrison reached on infield single to first . Soto grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Harrison to second , Harrison safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Rojas . Soto to second on wild pitch by Ginkel . Schwarber walked . Castro lined out to right . Bell grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Harrison scored , Schwarber out at second , Soto to third . Gomes struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Suero pitching for Nationals . An . Young singled to right . Vogt grounded into double play , pitcher to third to first , An . Young out at second . VanMeter struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Smith in right field . Bukauskas pitching for Diamondbacks . Vogt at first base . Varsho catching . Mercer fouled out to first . Stevenson reached on infield single to first . Hernández hit for Suero . Hernández reached on infield single to first , Stevenson to second . Harrison struck out swinging . Soto reached on infield single to shortstop , Stevenson scored , Hernández to second . Schwarber singled to right , Hernández scored , Soto to third . Castro lined out to center . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Hernández in right field . Espino pitching for Nationals . Varsho flied out to left . Heath flied out to center . Smith grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Locastro in left field . David Peralta pitching for Diamondbacks . Bell flied out to center . Gomes singled to right . Mercer doubled to deep left center , Gomes to third . Stevenson homered to right ( 440 feet ) , Gomes scored and Mercer scored . Hernández struck out swinging . Harrison singled to center . Espino safe at first on fielding error by third baseman VanMeter , Harrison to second . Schwarber hit by pitch , Espino to second , Harrison to third . Castro lined out to third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Espino pitching for Nationals . Rojas struck out swinging . Locastro lined out to center . Peralta singled to left . An . Young doubled to deep center , Peralta scored . An . Young to third on fielder 's indifference . Vogt flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 17 - Diamondbacks 2 .	Turner starts game with HR , Nationals roll past D - backs 17 - 2