Orioles - Top 1st . Corbin pitching for Nationals . Hays singled to right . Galvis singled to right center , Hays to third . Mancini singled to right , Hays scored , Galvis to second . Santander singled to left , Galvis scored , Mancini to second . Severino grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Santander out at second , Mancini to third . Franco doubled to right , Mancini scored . Mountcastle walked . Valaika struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Harvey pitching for Orioles . Turner reached on infield single to third . Soto flied out to left , Turner to second . Bell singled to right , Turner scored . Schwarber homered to right center ( 404 feet ) , Bell scored . Castro struck out swinging . Harrison doubled to deep left . Avila doubled to deep right , Harrison scored . Stevenson struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Corbin pitching for Nationals . Harvey struck out swinging . Hays singled to center . Galvis grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hays out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Harvey pitching for Orioles . Corbin struck out swinging . Turner struck out looking . Soto grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Corbin pitching for Nationals . Mancini singled to right . Santander hit ground rule double to deep left , Mancini to third . Severino popped out to second . Franco hit sacrifice fly to center , Mancini scored , Santander to third . Mountcastle grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Harvey pitching for Orioles . Bell singled to left . Schwarber struck out swinging , Bell to second on passed ball by Severino . Castro grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bell out at third . Harrison struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Corbin pitching for Nationals . Valaika singled to center . Harvey sacrificed to pitcher , Valaika to second . Hays grounded out to shortstop , Valaika to third . Galvis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Harvey pitching for Orioles . Avila doubled to right . Stevenson reached on infield single to shortstop , Avila to third . Corbin sacrificed to catcher , Stevenson to second . Turner hit sacrifice fly to center , Avila scored , Stevenson to third . Soto popped out to catcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Corbin pitching for Nationals . Mancini lined out to second . Santander struck out swinging . Severino walked . Franco grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Harvey pitching for Orioles . Bell flied out to center . Schwarber walked . Schwarber caught stealing second , catcher to second . Castro safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Galvis . Harrison singled to right , Castro to second . Sulser pitching for Orioles . Valaika at third base . Wilkerson at second base . Avila walked , Harrison to second , Castro to third . Stevenson walked , Castro scored , Avila to second , Harrison to third . Corbin flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 6th . Corbin pitching for Nationals . Mountcastle singled to right . Valaika grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Mountcastle out at second . Wilkerson singled to left center . Suero pitching for Nationals . Hays popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Sulser pitching for Orioles . Turner singled to right center . Fry pitching for Orioles . Soto grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Turner out at second . Bell lined out to right . Schwarber struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Suero pitching for Nationals . Galvis doubled to deep right . Galvis to third on wild pitch by Suero . Mancini grounded out to first , Galvis scored . Santander struck out swinging . Severino fouled out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Fry pitching for Orioles . Castro grounded out to third . Harrison struck out swinging . Avila flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Mullins hit for Fry . Hudson pitching for Nationals . Mullins struck out swinging . Mountcastle struck out looking . Valaika flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Hays in left field . Mullins in center field . Valdez pitching for Orioles . Stevenson singled to left . Zimmerman hit for Hudson . Zimmerman grounded out to second , Stevenson to second . Turner grounded out to first , Stevenson to third . Soto flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Hand pitching for Nationals . Wilkerson singled to right . Hays sacrificed to pitcher , Wilkerson to second . Galvis flied out to right . Mancini intentionally walked . Santander struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 5 - Nationals 6 .	Nationals send Orioles to 6th straight defeat , 6 - 5