Reds - Top 1st . Ross pitching for Nationals . Suárez grounded out to pitcher . Winker reached on infield single to third . Castellanos struck out swinging . Naquin walked , Winker to second . Stephenson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Hoffman pitching for Reds . Turner flied out to left . Soto walked . Bell singled to left , Soto to second . Schwarber flied out to left . Castro singled to left , Soto scored , Bell to second . Harrison walked , Castro to second , Bell to third . Avila walked , Bell scored , Harrison to second , Castro to third . Stevenson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Avila out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 2nd . Ross pitching for Nationals . Barnhart struck out swinging . Farmer singled to left . India singled to left , Farmer to second . Hoffman bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , India to second , Farmer out at third . Suárez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Hoffman pitching for Reds . Ross lined out to center . Turner walked . Turner stole second . Soto walked . Brach pitching for Reds . Bell flied out to center . Schwarber reached on infield single to second , Soto to second , Turner to third . Castro flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 3rd . Ross pitching for Nationals . Winker flied out to right . Castellanos struck out swinging . Naquin grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Brach pitching for Reds . Harrison singled to left . Harrison stole second . Avila struck out swinging . Stevenson grounded out to second , Harrison to third . Ross singled to right , Harrison scored on error , Ross safe at second on throwing error by right fielder Castellanos . Turner struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Top 4th . Ross pitching for Nationals . Stephenson grounded out to pitcher . Barnhart lined out to left . Farmer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Pérez pitching for Reds . Soto flied out to left . Bell struck out swinging . Schwarber grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 5th . Voth pitching for Nationals . India grounded out to shortstop . Akiyama hit for Pérez . Akiyama flied out to left . Suárez singled to right . Winker singled to center , Winker out stretching at second , Suárez to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Hendrix pitching for Reds . Castro lined out to right . Harrison grounded out to shortstop . Avila grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 6th . Voth pitching for Nationals . Castellanos struck out swinging . Naquin fouled out to catcher . Stephenson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Hendrix pitching for Reds . Stevenson struck out swinging . Garcia hit for Voth . Garcia tripled to right . Turner singled to right , Garcia scored . Goudeau pitching for Reds . Schrock at first base . Soto struck out swinging , Turner stole second . Bell singled to right center , Turner scored . Schwarber grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 7th . Finnegan pitching for Nationals . Barnhart bunt grounded out to pitcher . Farmer flied out to right . India walked . India stole second . Schrock flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Goudeau pitching for Reds . Castro walked . Harrison flied out to center . Avila struck out looking . Stevenson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Castro out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 8th . Rainey pitching for Nationals . Suárez singled to left center . Winker singled to left , Suárez to second . Castellanos singled to right center , Suárez scored , Winker to second . Hudson pitching for Nationals . Naquin singled to center , Castellanos to second , Winker to third . Payton hit for Goudeau . Payton struck out swinging . Barnhart singled to right , Winker scored , Naquin to second , Castellanos to third . Farmer hit sacrifice fly to right , Castellanos scored , Naquin to third . India struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Feliz pitching for Reds . Hernández hit for Hudson . Hernández struck out swinging . Turner flied out to center . Soto singled to right . Bell grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 9th . Hand pitching for Nationals . Blandino hit for Schrock . Blandino grounded out to shortstop . Suárez grounded out to first . Winker reached on infield single to shortstop . Castellanos grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Winker out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Reds 3 - Nationals 5 .	Nationals beat Reds 5 - 3 in completion of suspended game