Nationals - Top 1st . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Turner grounded out to second . Soto struck out looking . Bell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Voth pitching for Nationals . Herrera grounded out to third . Realmuto struck out swinging . Harper fouled out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Schwarber lined out to center . Castro flied out to right . Avila walked . Mercer grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Avila out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Voth pitching for Nationals . Hoskins flied out to center . McCutchen struck out swinging . Miller flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Robles hit by pitch . Voth hit by pitch , Robles to second . Ross ran for Voth . Turner singled to left , Ross to second , Robles to third . Soto singled to left , Robles scored , Turner to second , Ross to third . Bell struck out swinging . Schwarber struck out swinging . Castro popped out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Suero pitching for Nationals . Bohm flied out to right . Torreyes flied out to right . Velasquez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Avila grounded out to pitcher . Mercer doubled to deep left . Robles doubled to deep right center , Mercer scored . Hernández hit for Suero . Robles scored on throwing error by catcher Realmuto . Hernández flied out to left . Turner grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Clay pitching for Nationals . Herrera grounded out to second . Realmuto walked . Harper reached on infield single to shortstop , Realmuto to second . Finnegan pitching for Nationals . Hoskins safe at first on fielding error by second baseman Mercer , Harper safe at second on error , Realmuto safe at third on error . McCutchen singled to center , Realmuto scored , Hoskins to second , Harper to third . Miller walked , Harper scored , McCutchen to second , Hoskins to third . Bohm walked , Hoskins scored , Miller to second , McCutchen to third . Torreyes grounded into fielder 's choice to third , McCutchen scored , Bohm to second , Miller to third . Joyce hit for Velasquez . Joyce struck out swinging , Miller scored on Finnegan wild pitch , Torreyes to second on wild pitch by Finnegan , Bohm to third on wild pitch by Finnegan . Herrera singled to left , Bohm scored and Torreyes scored . Espino pitching for Nationals . Realmuto walked , Herrera to second . Harper grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Herrera out at third . 7 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 5th . Bradley pitching for Phillies . Soto walked . Bell walked , Soto to second . Schwarber grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Bell out at second , Soto to third . Castro grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Schwarber out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Espino pitching for Nationals . Hoskins grounded out to second . McCutchen doubled to center . Miller homered to right ( 426 feet ) , McCutchen scored . Bohm grounded out to second . Torreyes flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Kintzler pitching for Phillies . Avila singled to right center . Mercer lined out to center . Robles doubled to left , Avila to third . Stevenson hit for Espino . Stevenson grounded out to second , Avila scored , Robles to third . Turner singled to left , Robles scored . Soto tripled to deep center , Turner scored . Coonrod pitching for Phillies . Maton at second base . Bell grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Rainey pitching for Nationals . Maton hit by pitch . Herrera doubled to deep right , Maton to third . Realmuto homered to right ( 345 feet ) , Maton scored and Herrera scored . Harper popped out to shortstop . Hoskins struck out swinging . McCutchen flied out to center . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Coonrod pitching for Phillies . Schwarber grounded out to pitcher . Castro grounded out to third . Avila struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . McGowin pitching for Nationals . Jankowski hit for Coonrod . Mercer at third base . Harrison at second base . Jankowski singled to center . Bohm struck out swinging . Torreyes grounded out to third , Jankowski to second . Maton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Sanchez pitching for Phillies . Mercer grounded out to second . Robles grounded out to shortstop . Harrison singled to right . Turner struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . McGowin pitching for Nationals . Herrera struck out swinging . Realmuto singled to center . Harper struck out swinging . Hoskins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Sanchez pitching for Phillies . Soto struck out swinging . Neris pitching for Phillies . Bell singled to left . Schwarber struck out swinging . Zimmerman hit for McGowin . Zimmerman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 6 - Phillies 12 .	Netting collapses , Phils beat Nats ; Voth HBP , broken nose