Nationals - Top 1st . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Schwarber struck out swinging . Turner flied out to left . Soto flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Fedde pitching for Nationals . Herrera popped out to shortstop . Hoskins grounded out to shortstop . Harper walked . Realmuto flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Bell grounded out to second . Harrison struck out swinging . Avila flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Fedde pitching for Nationals . Miller walked . Bohm reached on infield single to shortstop , Miller to second . Jankowski homered to right ( 406 feet ) , Miller scored and Bohm scored . Torreyes grounded out to shortstop . Velasquez struck out swinging . Herrera flied out to center . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Castro flied out to center . Robles struck out swinging . Fedde flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Fedde pitching for Nationals . Hoskins flied out to center . Harper homered to left center ( 389 feet ) . Realmuto grounded out to first . Miller walked . Bohm grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Schwarber struck out swinging . Turner doubled to left . Soto lined out to right . Bell grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Fedde pitching for Nationals . Jankowski doubled to right . Torreyes flied out to right , Jankowski to third . Velasquez singled to left , Jankowski scored . Herrera grounded out to pitcher , Velasquez to second . Hoskins reached on infield single to third , Velasquez to third . Harper grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Harrison walked . Avila walked , Harrison to second . Castro doubled to left , Harrison scored , Avila to third . Robles singled to center , Avila scored , Castro to third . Parra hit for Fedde . Parra struck out swinging . Bradley pitching for Phillies . Schwarber homered to left ( 379 feet ) , Castro scored and Robles scored . Turner reached on infield single to shortstop . Soto flied out to left . Bell walked , Turner to second . Harrison grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bell out at second . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . McGowin pitching for Nationals . Realmuto flied out to second . Miller struck out swinging . Bohm singled to right . Jankowski singled to right center , Bohm to third . Jankowski stole second . Torreyes walked . McCutchen hit for Bradley . McCutchen homered to left ( 378 feet ) , Bohm scored , Jankowski scored and Torreyes scored . Herrera hit by pitch . Suero pitching for Nationals . Hoskins grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Coonrod pitching for Phillies . Avila struck out looking . Castro walked . Robles walked , Castro to second . Zimmerman hit for Suero . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Robles to second on wild pitch by Coonrod , Castro to third on wild pitch by Coonrod . Schwarber walked . Hale pitching for Phillies . Turner singled to right , Castro scored and Robles scored , Schwarber to second . Soto walked , Turner to second , Schwarber to third . Bell homered to left center ( 401 feet ) , Schwarber scored , Turner scored and Soto scored . Harrison lined out to center . 6 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Clay pitching for Nationals . Harper grounded out to second . Realmuto flied out to right . Miller grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Hale pitching for Phillies . Avila struck out looking . Castro singled to right . Robles lined into double play , second to first , Castro doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Clay pitching for Nationals . Bohm doubled to right . Jankowski struck out swinging . Torreyes singled to center , Bohm to third . Williams hit for Hale . Williams singled to right , Bohm scored , Torreyes to second . Herrera lined out to center . Miller pitching for Nationals . Hoskins grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Torreyes out at third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Alvarado pitching for Phillies . Mercer hit for Miller . Mercer singled to right . Schwarber struck out swinging . Turner walked , Mercer to second . Soto grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Turner out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Voth pitching for Nationals . Harrison in left field . Mercer at second base . Harper walked . Realmuto singled to left , Harper to third . Miller struck out looking . Rainey pitching for Nationals . Bohm singled to center , Harper scored , Realmuto to second . Jankowski walked , Bohm to second , Realmuto to third . Torreyes singled to left , Realmuto scored , Jankowski to second , Bohm to third . Vierling hit for Alvarado . Vierling struck out looking . Herrera grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Neris pitching for Phillies . Bell singled to right . Harrison singled to right , Bell to second . Avila sacrificed to pitcher , Harrison to second , Bell to third . Castro singled to right center , Bell scored and Harrison scored . Robles grounded into double play , third to second to first , Castro out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 9th . Espino pitching for Nationals . Hoskins flied out to center . Harper flied out to left . Realmuto safe at first on fielding error by second baseman Mercer . Miller lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Nationals 13 - Phillies 12 .	Castro 's 2 - run single in 9th rallies Nats past Phils 13 - 12