Nationals - Top 1st . Sanchez pitching for Phillies . Escobar doubled to deep left center . Soto reached on infield single to third , Escobar to third . Zimmerman walked , Soto to second . Harrison struck out swinging . Hernández doubled to center , Escobar scored and Soto scored , Zimmerman scored , Hernández to third on fielding error by center fielder Williams . Brogdon pitching for Phillies . Barrera doubled to deep center , Hernández scored . Kieboom struck out swinging . Stevenson intentionally walked . Corbin grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Corbin pitching for Nationals . Segura popped out to shortstop . Hoskins singled to left . Harper walked , Hoskins to second . McCutchen lined out to right . Bohm popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Brogdon pitching for Phillies . Escobar flied out to right . Soto grounded out to first . Zimmerman singled to center . Harrison homered to left ( 374 feet ) , Zimmerman scored . Hernández struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Corbin pitching for Nationals . Torreyes grounded out to shortstop . Williams struck out swinging . Marchan lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Kintzler pitching for Phillies . Herrera in center field . Barrera lined out to right . Kieboom singled to center . Stevenson singled to right , Kieboom to second , Stevenson to second , Kieboom safe at third on fielding error by right fielder Harper . Corbin grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Kieboom scored on throwing error by second baseman Segura , Stevenson safe at third on error . Escobar grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Corbin out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Corbin pitching for Nationals . Herrera flied out to center . Segura grounded out to third . Hoskins homered to center ( 430 feet ) . Miller hit for Harper . Miller struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Miller in right field . Kintzler pitching for Phillies . Soto singled to center . Zimmerman walked , Soto to second . Harrison lined out to center . Hernández singled to right center , Zimmerman to second , Soto to third . Barrera struck out looking . Kieboom struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Corbin pitching for Nationals . McCutchen homered to left ( 408 feet ) . Bohm homered to right ( 337 feet ) . Torreyes flied out to right . Gregorius hit for Kintzler . Gregorius flied out to left . Marchan reached on infield single to third . Herrera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Marchan out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . De Los Santos pitching for Phillies . Stevenson fouled out to catcher . Corbin struck out swinging . Escobar grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Corbin pitching for Nationals . Segura singled to left . Hoskins grounded out to third , Segura to second . Miller grounded out to second , Segura to third . McCutchen singled to left , Segura scored . Bohm singled to left , McCutchen to second . Torreyes flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Neris pitching for Phillies . Realmuto at first base . Soto singled to right center . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Soto caught stealing second , catcher to second . Harrison doubled to deep left . Hernández intentionally walked . Barrera walked , Hernández to second , Harrison to third . Bell hit for Kieboom . Bell flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Harrison at third base . Suero pitching for Nationals . García at second base . Realmuto struck out swinging . Marchan struck out swinging . Herrera grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Hammer pitching for Phillies . Stevenson lined out to center . García safe at first on fielding error by first baseman Realmuto . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to third , García out at second . Soto flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Parra in left field . Suero pitching for Nationals . Segura grounded out to second . Velasquez hit for Hammer . Velasquez grounded out to shortstop . Miller singled to left . Miller to second on wild pitch by Suero . McCutchen walked . Rainey pitching for Nationals . Bohm singled to right center , Miller scored , McCutchen to third . Torreyes walked , Bohm to second . Realmuto singled to left , Bohm scored and McCutchen scored , Realmuto to second , Torreyes to second , Torreyes safe at third on throwing error by left fielder Parra . Marchan popped out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 8th . Suárez pitching for Phillies . Zimmerman singled to center , Soto scored . Harrison singled to right , Zimmerman to second . Parra sacrificed to pitcher , Harrison to second , Zimmerman to third . Barrera intentionally walked . Gomes hit for Rainey . Gomes struck out swinging . Stevenson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Clay pitching for Nationals . Herrera grounded out to shortstop . Segura intentionally walked . Nola hit for Suárez . Nola walked , Segura to second , Marchan to third . Miller homered to right ( 425 feet ) , Marchan scored , Segura scored and Nola scored . 4 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 8 - Phillies 11 .	Scherzer shines in possible Nats bow ; Phils split twinbill