Rockies - Top 1st . Corbin pitching for Nationals . Hampson doubled to deep center . Rodgers homered to right center ( 391 feet ) , Hampson scored . Story popped out to first . Cron singled to left center . Díaz doubled to deep center , Cron to third . McMahon reached on infield single to third , Cron scored , Díaz to third . Vilade flied out to right . Daza struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Freeland pitching for Rockies . Thomas struck out looking . Escobar struck out swinging . Soto grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Corbin pitching for Nationals . Freeland struck out looking . Hampson grounded out to shortstop . Rodgers doubled to right . Story grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Freeland pitching for Rockies . Zimmerman singled to right . Kieboom lined out to left . Hernández singled to center , Zimmerman to second . Mercer singled to left , Hernández to second , Zimmerman to third . Avila grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Mercer out at second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Corbin pitching for Nationals . Cron struck out swinging . Díaz struck out swinging . McMahon singled to center . Vilade walked , McMahon to second . Daza grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Vilade out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Freeland pitching for Rockies . Corbin singled to shallow left . Thomas grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Corbin out at second . Escobar lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Corbin pitching for Nationals . Freeland struck out looking . Hampson walked . Rodgers singled to right center , Hampson to third . Story homered to right ( 371 feet ) , Hampson scored and Rodgers scored . Cron doubled to left . Díaz walked . McMahon grounded out to first , Díaz to second , Cron to third . Vilade grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Freeland pitching for Rockies . Soto doubled to left . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Kieboom grounded out to third , Soto to third . Hernández grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Harper pitching for Nationals . Daza reached on infield single to third . Freeland bunt popped out to first . Hampson popped out to shortstop . Rodgers grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Daza out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Freeland pitching for Rockies . Mercer struck out swinging . Avila struck out swinging . Harper struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Harper pitching for Nationals . Story flied out to right . Cron struck out swinging . Díaz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Freeland pitching for Rockies . Thomas singled to center . Escobar singled to right , Thomas to second . Soto grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Escobar safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Cron , Thomas to third . Zimmerman grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Soto to second , Escobar to third , Thomas out at home . Kieboom walked . Hernández struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 7th . Nolin pitching for Nationals . Stevenson in left field . McMahon walked . Vilade flied out to center . Daza struck out swinging . Welker hit for Freeland . Welker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Almonte pitching for Rockies . Mercer flied out to center . Avila walked . Stevenson singled to right , Avila to second . Thomas struck out swinging . Escobar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Nolin pitching for Nationals . Hampson singled to center . Rodgers grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hampson out at second . Story flied out to right . Cron walked , Rodgers to second . Díaz flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Stephenson pitching for Rockies . Soto walked . Zimmerman flied out to right . Kieboom grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Soto out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Nolin pitching for Nationals . McMahon walked . Vilade grounded out to pitcher , McMahon to second . Daza flied out to center . Hilliard hit for Stephenson . Hilliard grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . García hit for Nolin . Bard pitching for Rockies . García grounded out to second . Mercer popped out to first . Avila popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 6 - Nationals 0 .	Rockies easily handle Nationals to keep rolling on road trip