Nationals - Top 1st . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Thomas grounded out to second . Escobar flied out to left . Soto singled to center . Bell grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Gray pitching for Nationals . Tapia lined out to right . Rodgers hit by pitch . Hampson ran for Rodgers . Hampson to second on wild pitch by Gray . Blackmon grounded out to first , Hampson to third . Story struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Hampson at second base . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Hernández grounded out to shortstop . Ruiz grounded out to first . García struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Gray pitching for Nationals . Cron reached on infield single to third . McMahon fouled out to catcher . Díaz fouled out to third . Hilliard flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Kieboom struck out swinging . Gray grounded out to first . Thomas grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Gray pitching for Nationals . Márquez singled to center . Tapia flied out to left . Hampson struck out swinging . Blackmon grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Escobar reached on infield single to third . Soto struck out looking . Bell hit by pitch , Escobar to second . Hernández singled to center , Bell to second , Escobar to third . Ruiz walked , Escobar scored , Hernández to second , Bell to third . García singled to shallow right , Bell scored and Hernández scored , García to second , Ruiz thrown out at third . Kieboom intentionally walked . Gray grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Gray pitching for Nationals . Story flied out to center . Cron struck out swinging . McMahon walked . McMahon stole second . Díaz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Thomas doubled to deep center . Escobar singled to right center , Thomas to third . Soto grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Thomas scored , Escobar out at second . Bell struck out swinging . Hernández grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Gray pitching for Nationals . Hilliard safe at first on throwing error by second baseman García . Daza hit for Márquez . Daza grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hilliard out at second . Tapia grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 6th . Stephenson pitching for Rockies . Ruiz flied out to center . García singled to right . Kieboom struck out swinging . Gray bunt grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Gray pitching for Nationals . Hampson singled to left center . Blackmon walked , Hampson to second . Story walked , Blackmon to second , Hampson to third . Cron flied out to left . McMahon doubled to deep center , Hampson scored , Story scored and Blackmon scored . Voth pitching for Nationals . Díaz singled to right , McMahon to third . Hilliard flied out to right . Ruiz hit for Stephenson . Ruiz flied out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Sheffield pitching for Rockies . Thomas flied out to center . Escobar flied out to center . Soto walked . Soto to second on wild pitch by Sheffield . Bell grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Thompson pitching for Nationals . Tapia walked . Hampson lined out to center . Blackmon struck out swinging . Story singled to left center , Tapia to second . Cron flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Chacín pitching for Rockies . Hernández struck out swinging . Ruiz grounded out to shortstop . García grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Finnegan pitching for Nationals . McMahon struck out swinging . Díaz singled to center . Hilliard grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Díaz out at second . Welker hit for Chacín . Hilliard to second on wild pitch by Finnegan . Welker walked . Tapia grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Estévez pitching for Rockies . Kieboom singled to right . Stevenson hit for Finnegan . Stevenson reached on bunt single to catcher , Kieboom to second . Thomas singled to center , Stevenson to second , Kieboom to third . Escobar singled to left , Kieboom scored , Thomas to second , Stevenson to third . Soto flied out to left . Bell grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Stevenson out at home . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Rainey pitching for Nationals . Hampson grounded out to shortstop . Blackmon flied out to center . Story walked . Cron doubled to shallow left , Story scored . McMahon grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 5 - Rockies 4 .	Gray gets 2nd major league win , Nationals beat Rockies 5 - 4