Red Sox - Top 1st. Norris pitching for Tigers. Pedroia singled to center. Benintendi flied out to center. Pedroia caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Betts walked. Young lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Kinsler struck out swinging. Castellanos singled to shallow left. Cabrera singled to deep right, Castellanos to second. Martínez struck out swinging. Upton singled to shallow center, Castellanos scored, Cabrera to second. Collins flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Norris pitching for Tigers. Moreland walked. Selsky struck out swinging. León hit ground rule double to deep center, Moreland to third. Sandoval grounded into fielder's choice to third, Moreland out at home, León to third. Hernández singled to left, León scored, Sandoval to second. Pedroia grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hernández out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Avila walked. Romine grounded into fielder's choice to first, Avila out at second, Romine to second on throwing error by shortstop Hernández. Iglesias grounded out to first, Romine to third. Kinsler singled to center, Romine scored. Castellanos lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Norris pitching for Tigers. Benintendi popped out to shortstop. Betts grounded out to shortstop. Young walked. Moreland doubled to deep center, Young scored. Selsky grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Cabrera lined out to first. Martínez singled to center. Upton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Martínez out at second. Collins singled to center, Upton to third. Avila struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Norris pitching for Tigers. León popped out to pitcher. Sandoval grounded out to third. Hernández flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Romine doubled to deep left center. Iglesias lined out to right. Kinsler singled to left center, Romine scored. Castellanos lined out to center. Cabrera struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Norris pitching for Tigers. Pedroia struck out swinging. Benintendi lined out to left. Betts grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Martínez flied out to left. Upton struck out swinging. Collins struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Norris pitching for Tigers. Young singled to left. Moreland grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Young out at second. Selsky doubled to deep center. León grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Avila struck out swinging. Romine singled to left. Iglesias popped out to third. Kinsler struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Norris pitching for Tigers. Sandoval grounded out to first. Hernández reached on infield single to shortstop. Wilson pitching for Tigers. Pedroia grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hernández out at second. Benintendi singled to left, Hernández scored, Benintendi out stretching at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Castellanos homered to center (392 feet). Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop. Barnes pitching for Red Sox. Martínez struck out looking. Cabrera caught stealing second, catcher to second. Upton grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Rondón pitching for Tigers. Betts walked. Young singled to left, Betts to second, Betts to third, Young to second on throwing error by left fielder Upton. Moreland intentionally walked. Holt hit for Selsky. Ryan pitching for Tigers. Holt walked, Betts scored, Young to third, Moreland to second. León singled to center, Young and Moreland scored, Holt to third. Sandoval grounded into double play, third to second to first, Holt scored, León out at second. Hernández singled to center. Pedroia grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Benintendi in center field. Holt in left field. Barnes pitching for Red Sox. Collins grounded out to second. Avila doubled to left. Romine struck out looking. Iglesias struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Sánchez pitching for Tigers. Benintendi struck out looking. Betts grounded out to third. Young flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Kimbrel pitching for Red Sox. Kinsler walked. Castellanos walked, Kinsler to second. Cabrera struck out swinging. Martínez singled to deep right, Kinsler scored, Castellanos to third. Jones ran for Martínez. Upton struck out swinging. Collins struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 7 - Tigers 5.	Red Sox rally with 4 in 8th inning, beat Tigers 7-5