Rangers - Top 1st. Sale pitching for Red Sox. DeShields struck out swinging. Choo grounded out to third. Andrus flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Perez pitching for Rangers. Betts grounded out to shortstop. Pedroia flied out to right. Bogaerts grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Sale pitching for Red Sox. Lucroy grounded out to shortstop. Odor struck out swinging. Napoli struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Perez pitching for Rangers. Ramírez popped out to shortstop. Young walked. Benintendi grounded into double play, second to shortstop to second to first, Young out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Sale pitching for Red Sox. Rua flied out to left. Gallo flied out to right. Chirinos struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Perez pitching for Rangers. Travis grounded out to shortstop. León flied out to left. Marrero batting. Marrero stole second. Betts singled to center, Marrero scored. Betts to second on wild pitch by Pérez. Pedroia walked. Bogaerts struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Sale pitching for Red Sox. DeShields walked. DeShields to second on passed ball by León. Choo grounded out to pitcher, DeShields to third. Andrus hit sacrifice fly to center, DeShields scored. Lucroy grounded out to first. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Ramírez continues to bat after dropped foul ball by first baseman Napoli. Perez pitching for Rangers. Ramírez flied out to right. Young struck out swinging. Benintendi grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Sale pitching for Red Sox. Odor struck out swinging. Napoli homered to left center (390 feet). Rua doubled to left. Gallo singled to right, Rua scored. Chirinos grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gallo out at second. DeShields flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Perez pitching for Rangers. Travis reached on infield single to shortstop. León grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Travis out at second. Marrero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Sale pitching for Red Sox. Choo flied out to center. Andrus grounded out to third. Lucroy grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Perez pitching for Rangers. Betts flied out to center. Pedroia grounded out to shortstop. Bogaerts reached on infield single to third. Ramírez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Sale pitching for Red Sox. Odor grounded out to first. Napoli singled to center. Rua struck out swinging. Gallo flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Perez pitching for Rangers. Young flied out to left. Benintendi reached on infield single to second. Travis singled to center, Benintendi to third. Moreland hit for León. Moreland singled to right, Benintendi scored, Travis to second. Rutledge singled to right, Travis scored, Moreland to third, Rutledge to second on throwing error by right fielder Choo. Betts intentionally walked. Moreland scored, Rutledge to third, Betts to second on wild pitch by Dyson. Pedroia singled to left, Rutledge and Betts scored. Bogaerts doubled to deep right center, Pedroia to third. Ramírez intentionally walked. Young walked, Pedroia scored, Bogaerts to third, Ramírez to second. Bibens-Dirkx pitching for Rangers. Benintendi hit sacrifice fly to left, Bogaerts scored. Travis struck out looking. 7 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 8th. Sale pitching for Red Sox. Chirinos popped out to shortstop. DeShields doubled to right center. Choo singled to left center, DeShields scored. Kelly pitching for Red Sox. Andrus lined out to shortstop. Lucroy grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Bibens-Dirkx pitching for Rangers. Moreland singled to right. Moreland to second on wild pitch by Bibens-Dirkx. Rutledge continues to bat after dropped foul ball by first baseman Napoli. Rutledge flied out to right, Moreland to third. Betts singled to left, Moreland scored. Pedroia flied out to center. Bogaerts popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Kelly pitching for Red Sox. Odor singled to center. Napoli struck out swinging. Mazara hit for Rua. Mazara grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Odor out at second. Gallo continues to bat after dropped foul ball by catcher Vázquez. Gallo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 4 - Red Sox 9.	Red Sox score 7 in 7th to beat Rangers 9-4