Royals - Top 1st. Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox. Merrifield singled to left. Bonifacio struck out swinging. Cain fouled out to first. Hosmer singled to deep left center, Merrifield to second. Pérez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Cahill pitching for Royals. Betts struck out swinging. Núñez reached on infield single to second. Benintendi grounded out to second, Núñez to second. Ramírez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox. Moustakas grounded out to second. Moss walked. Escobar struck out swinging. Gordon walked, Moss to second. Merrifield singled to left, Moss to third, Gordon to second. Bonifacio struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Cahill pitching for Royals. Bradley Jr. singled to center. Bogaerts walked, Bradley Jr. to second. Moreland flied out to center, Bogaerts out at second, Bradley Jr. to third. Vázquez tripled to right, Bradley Jr. scored. Devers grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox. Cain struck out swinging. Hosmer walked. Pérez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hosmer out at second. Moustakas flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Cahill pitching for Royals. Betts grounded out to pitcher. Núñez homered to left center (401 feet). Benintendi grounded out to pitcher. Ramírez grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox. Moss reached on infield single to third. Escobar fouled out to right. Gordon singled to right center, Moss to third. Merrifield singled to shallow right, Moss scored, Gordon to third. Bonifacio struck out looking. Merrifield stole second. Cain homered to right (302 feet), Gordon and Merrifield scored. Hosmer flied out to center. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Cahill pitching for Royals. Bradley Jr. grounded out to first. Bogaerts reached on infield single to first. Bogaerts out at second on runner's fielder's choice. Moreland walked. Vázquez doubled to deep right, Moreland scored. Vázquez to third on wild pitch by Cahill. Devers singled to center, Vázquez scored. Betts flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Abad pitching for Red Sox. Pérez singled to right. Moustakas grounded into double play, third to shortstop to first, Pérez out at second. Moss struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Cahill pitching for Royals. Núñez homered to left (400 feet). Alexander pitching for Royals. Benintendi grounded out to third. Ramírez singled to left. Bradley Jr. grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ramírez out at second. Bogaerts singled to center, Bradley Jr. to third. Moreland safe at first on error by third baseman Moustakas, Bradley Jr. scored, Bogaerts to second. Vázquez grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 6th. Abad pitching for Red Sox. Escobar safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Devers. Gordon walked. Boyer pitching for Red Sox. Escobar to third on passed ball by Vázquez. Merrifield reached on infield single to shortstop, Escobar scored, Gordon to second. Gordon to third, Merrifield to second on wild pitch by Boyer. Bonifacio singled to right, Gordon scored, Merrifield to third. Cain walked, Bonifacio to second. Scott pitching for Red Sox. Hosmer grounded into fielder's choice to second, Merrifield scored, Bonifacio to third, Cain safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Núñez. Pérez hit sacrifice fly to left, Bonifacio scored. Moustakas grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Hosmer out at second. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Feliz pitching for Royals. Devers struck out swinging. Betts flied out to right. Núñez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Scott pitching for Red Sox. Moss struck out swinging. Escobar singled to deep left. Gordon grounded into fielder's choice to third, Escobar out at second. Hembree pitching for Red Sox. Gordon stole second. Merrifield lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Buchter pitching for Royals. Benintendi walked. Ramírez walked, Benintendi to second. Benintendi to third on passed ball by Pérez. Bradley Jr. hit sacrifice fly to right, Benintendi scored. Maurer pitching for Royals. Bogaerts fouled out to first. Moreland struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Hembree pitching for Red Sox. Bonifacio struck out swinging. Cain singled to center. Cain caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Hosmer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Soria pitching for Royals. Vázquez singled to center. Holt ran for Vázquez. Holt to second on wild pitch by Soria. Devers singled to left, Holt to third. Betts hit sacrifice fly to center, Holt scored. Núñez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Devers out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. León catching. Kimbrel pitching for Red Sox. Pérez singled to center. Gore ran for Pérez. Gore caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Moustakas struck out swinging. Moss struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Butera catching. Minor pitching for Royals. Benintendi struck out swinging, Benintendi safe at first on wild pitch by Minor. Ramírez flied out to center. Bradley Jr. walked, Benintendi to second. Bogaerts struck out swinging, Benintendi to third, Bradley Jr. to second on wild pitch by Minor. Moreland grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 10th. Barnes pitching for Red Sox. Escobar singled to right. Gordon popped out to shortstop. Merrifield flied out to left. Bonifacio flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 10th. Minor pitching for Royals. León doubled to deep center. Devers struck out swinging. Betts intentionally walked. León to third, Betts to second on wild pitch by Minor. Núñez grounded out to shortstop, León scored. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 8 - Red Sox 9.	Leon helps Red Sox win 9-8 in 10, end Royals' 9-game streak