Indians - Top 1st. Sale pitching for Red Sox. Lindor reached on infield single to shortstop. Lindor stole second. Guyer reached on infield single to third, Lindor to third. Brantley singled to left, Lindor scored, Guyer to second. Ramírez bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Guyer out at third, Brantley to second. Encarnación struck out swinging. Santana doubled to left, Brantley and Ramírez scored. Jackson struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Betts lined out to right. Holt doubled to left. Núñez grounded out to shortstop. Ramírez lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Sale pitching for Red Sox. Gomes walked. Urshela lined out to right. Lindor popped out to shortstop. Guyer homered to left (415 feet), Gomes scored. Brantley flied out to left. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Bradley Jr. struck out swinging. Devers walked. Bogaerts doubled to deep center, Devers to third. Moreland homered to right (402 feet), Devers and Bogaerts scored. Vázquez doubled to deep center. Vázquez to third on wild pitch by Carrasco. Betts walked. Holt reached on infield single to shortstop, Vázquez scored, Betts to second. Núñez doubled to deep center, Betts scored, Holt thrown out at home. Ramírez intentionally walked. Olson pitching for Indians. Bradley Jr. struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Sale pitching for Red Sox. Ramírez singled to left. Encarnación struck out swinging. Ramírez stole second. Santana grounded out to shortstop. Ramírez to third on wild pitch by Sale. Jackson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Olson pitching for Indians. Devers singled to center. Bogaerts grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Devers out at second. Moreland struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Sale pitching for Red Sox. Gomes lined out to left. Urshela struck out swinging. Lindor struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Olson pitching for Indians. Vázquez grounded out to third. Betts singled to left. Holt flied out to left. Otero pitching for Indians. Núñez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Sale pitching for Red Sox. Guyer flied out to left. Brantley grounded out to first. Ramírez doubled to left. Encarnación homered to left (351 feet), Ramírez scored. Santana grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Otero pitching for Indians. Ramírez flied out to center. Bradley Jr. grounded out to third. Devers fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Boyer pitching for Red Sox. Jackson doubled to deep right. Gomes walked. Urshela sacrificed into fielder's choice to pitcher, Jackson to third, Gomes to second. Lindor flied out to left. Guyer grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Urshela out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Shaw pitching for Indians. Bogaerts grounded out to first. Moreland doubled to left. Vázquez singled to center, Moreland to third. Betts reached on infield single to third, Moreland scored, Vázquez to second. Miller pitching for Indians. Young hit for Holt. Young hit by pitch, Vázquez to third, Betts to second. Núñez doubled to deep left, Vázquez, Betts and Young scored, Núñez to third advancing on throwing error by second baseman. Ramírez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Núñez out at home. Bradley Jr. walked, Ramírez to second. Devers struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Young in left field. Barnes pitching for Red Sox. Brantley struck out looking. Ramírez struck out swinging. Encarnación grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Smith pitching for Indians. Bogaerts grounded out to shortstop. Moreland grounded out to pitcher. Vázquez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Reed pitching for Red Sox. Santana homered to right (434 feet). Jackson grounded out to third. Gomes struck out swinging. Urshela lined out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Smith pitching for Indians. Betts popped out to second. Young struck out looking. Núñez singled to left. Ramírez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Kimbrel pitching for Red Sox. Lindor homered to left center (384 feet). Zimmer hit for Guyer. Zimmer struck out swinging. Brantley grounded out to second. Ramírez singled to right. Encarnación singled to right, Ramírez to second. Santana walked, Ramírez to third, Encarnación to second. Ramírez scored, Encarnación to third, Santana to second on wild pitch by Kimbrel. Jackson flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Zimmer in center field. Jackson in right field. Allen pitching for Indians. Bradley Jr. struck out swinging. Devers reached on infield single to third. Bogaerts flied out to center. Moreland struck out swinging, Moreland safe at first on wild pitch by Allen, Devers to second. Devers to third, Moreland to second on wild pitch by Allen. Vázquez homered to center (408 feet), Devers and Moreland scored. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 10 - Red Sox 12.	Vazquez's 3-run HR in 9th lifts Red Sox over Indians 12-10