Orioles - Top 1st. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Beckham struck out swinging. Machado singled to deep left. Schoop singled to right, Machado to second. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Machado scored on throwing error by pitcher Porcello, Schoop safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Porcello. Mancini hit sacrifice fly to center, Schoop scored, Jones to second. Davis grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Hellickson pitching for Orioles. Núñez grounded out to shortstop. Benintendi fouled out to third. Betts lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Trumbo homered to right (386 feet). Castillo singled to deep right. Smith grounded into fielder's choice to second, Castillo out at second. Beckham reached on infield single to third, Smith to second, Smith to third on throwing error by third baseman Devers. Machado singled to center, Smith scored, Beckham to second. Beckham to third on wild pitch by Porcello. Schoop struck out swinging, Machado stole second, Beckham scored on throwing error by catcher León. Holt at second base. Jones flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Hellickson pitching for Orioles. Moreland safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Schoop. Bogaerts homered to left (362 feet), Moreland scored. Devers flied out to center. Young fouled out to pitcher. Davis grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 3rd. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Mancini struck out looking. Davis homered to center (410 feet). Trumbo flied out to right. Castillo struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Hellickson pitching for Orioles. León fouled out to third. Holt flied out to center. Benintendi flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Smith grounded out to shortstop. Beckham grounded out to first. Machado grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Hellickson pitching for Orioles. Betts lined out to center. Moreland struck out looking. Bogaerts grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Schoop singled to left. Jones grounded out to third, Schoop to second. Mancini singled to center, Schoop scored. Davis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Mancini safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Bogaerts. Trumbo walked, Mancini to third, Davis to second. Castillo grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Mancini out at home, Davis to third, Trumbo to second. Smith singled to left, Davis and Trumbo scored, Castillo to second. Kelly pitching for Red Sox. Beckham doubled to deep right, Castillo and Smith scored. Machado singled to right, Beckham to third. Schoop singled to left, Beckham scored, Machado to second. Jones singled to left, Machado scored, Schoop to second, Schoop to third, Jones to second on throwing error by left fielder Benintendi. Mancini grounded out to second. 7 Runs, 7 Hits, 2 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Hellickson pitching for Orioles. Devers singled to right. Young struck out looking. Davis singled to right center, Devers to third. León hit sacrifice fly to center, Devers scored. Davis to second on wild pitch by Hellickson. Holt grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Kelly pitching for Red Sox. Davis struck out swinging. Trumbo struck out swinging. Castillo reached on infield single to shortstop. Smith walked, Castillo to second. Beckham struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Hellickson pitching for Orioles. Benintendi grounded out to second. Betts grounded out to first. Moreland grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Boyer pitching for Red Sox. Machado flied out to right. Schoop singled to center. Jones singled to right, Schoop to second. Mancini tripled to deep right, Schoop and Jones scored. Davis hit sacrifice fly to left, Mancini scored. Trumbo singled to right. Castillo flied out to right. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Gentry in center field. Hellickson pitching for Orioles. Bogaerts flied out to left. Devers flied out to center. Young doubled to left. Davis safe at first on error by shortstop Beckham, Young to third. Davis to second on fielder's indifference. León popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 8th. Scott pitching for Red Sox. Smith flied out to left. Beckham lined out to center. Santander hit for Machado. Santander popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Santander in right field. Flaherty at third base. Bleier pitching for Orioles. Holt grounded out to shortstop. Benintendi grounded out to shortstop. Betts reached on infield single to pitcher, Betts to second on throwing error by pitcher Bleier. Moreland walked. Bogaerts flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 9th. Ramírez at first base. Moreland pitching for Red Sox. Joseph hit for Schoop. Joseph struck out swinging. Gentry grounded out to shortstop. Mancini singled to right. Davis singled to left, Mancini to third. Trumbo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Davis out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Joseph at third base. Flaherty at second base. Wright pitching for Orioles. Devers lined out to center. Young hit for Ramírez. Young singled to center. Davis hit by pitch, Young to second. León fouled out to third. Holt struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 16 - Red Sox 3.	Orioles take advantage of Red Sox errors in 16-3 rout