Braves - Top 1st. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Smith struck out swinging. Markakis flied out to left. Freeman walked. García singled to shallow left, Freeman to second. Pierzynski doubled to deep right center, Freeman and García scored. Olivera grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Norris pitching for Braves. Taylor singled to right center. Taylor stole second. Rendon struck out swinging. Harper walked. Taylor stole third, Harper stole second. Zimmerman hit sacrifice fly to center, Taylor scored. Murphy homered to right center (397 feet), Harper scored. Werth walked. Ramos singled to right, Werth to second. Espinosa struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Aybar struck out looking. Peterson singled to center. Norris sacrificed to catcher, Peterson to second. Smith reached on infield single to second, Peterson to third. Markakis doubled to deep right, Peterson and Smith scored. Freeman intentionally walked. García lined out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Norris pitching for Braves. Scherzer struck out swinging. Taylor grounded out to shortstop. Rendon singled to left. Harper grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Pierzynski grounded out to third. Olivera struck out swinging. Aybar grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Norris pitching for Braves. Zimmerman singled to right. Murphy singled to right, Zimmerman to second. Werth flied out to left. Ramos reached on infield single to shortstop, Zimmerman to third, Murphy to second. Espinosa hit sacrifice fly to left, Zimmerman scored. Scherzer struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Peterson bunt grounded out to first. Norris walked. Smith grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Norris out at second. Smith caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Markakis batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Stubbs in center field. Norris pitching for Braves. Taylor grounded out to second. Rendon lined out to third. Harper grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Markakis doubled to deep center. Freeman grounded out to second, Markakis to third. García struck out swinging. Pierzynski grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Norris pitching for Braves. Zimmerman doubled to deep center. Murphy lined out to center. Werth fouled out to first, Zimmerman to third. Ramos reached on infield single to shortstop, Zimmerman scored. Espinosa popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Olivera grounded out to catcher. Aybar struck out swinging. Peterson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Grilli pitching for Braves. Drew hit for Scherzer. Drew popped out to pitcher. Taylor struck out swinging. Rendon flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Belisle pitching for Nationals. Johnson hit for Grilli. Johnson lined out to right. Stubbs singled to center. Rivero pitching for Nationals. Markakis grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Stubbs out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. O'Flaherty pitching for Braves. Harper struck out looking. Zimmerman walked. Murphy flied out to center. Ogando pitching for Braves. Werth walked, Zimmerman to second. Ramos singled to right, Zimmerman scored, Werth to second. Espinosa grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ramos out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Vazquez pitching for Nationals. Freeman flied out to center. Treinen pitching for Nationals. García singled to right center. Pierzynski flied out to center. Olivera grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. den Dekker hit for Treinen. Ogando pitching for Braves. den Dekker struck out swinging. Taylor reached on infield single to third, Taylor to third on throwing error by third baseman García. Rendon flied out to right. Harper intentionally walked. Harper stole second. Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Braves - Top 9th. Papelbon pitching for Nationals. Aybar lined out to center. Peterson lined out to left. Beckham hit for Ogando. Beckham lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 4 - Nationals 6.	Braves 0-6 for 1st time since '88 after 6-4 loss to Nats