Braves - Top 1st. Nicasio pitching for Pirates. Inciarte struck out swinging. Markakis struck out looking. Freeman fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Blair pitching for Braves. Jaso singled to center. McCutchen lined out to right. Polanco doubled to right, Jaso to third. Kang grounded into fielder's choice to third, Jaso scored, Polanco safe at third on error by catcher Pierzynski. Cervelli singled to left, Polanco scored, Kang to second. Joyce struck out swinging. Harrison singled to center, Kang scored, Cervelli to third, Harrison to second on error by center fielder Smith. Mercer intentionally walked. Nicasio singled to right, Cervelli scored, Harrison to third, Mercer to second. Jaso doubled to deep right, Harrison and Mercer scored, Nicasio to third. McCutchen singled to left, Nicasio scored, Jaso thrown out at home. 7 Runs, 7 Hits, 2 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Nicasio pitching for Pirates. Pierzynski struck out swinging. Beckham grounded out to second. Johnson singled to right. Castro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Blair pitching for Braves. Polanco doubled to deep right center. Kang grounded out to pitcher. Cervelli doubled to left, Polanco scored. Norris pitching for Braves. Joyce walked. Harrison struck out looking. Mercer singled to right, Cervelli scored, Joyce to third. Nicasio struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Nicasio pitching for Pirates. Norris tripled to deep left. Smith homered to right (403 feet), Norris scored. Inciarte singled to center. Markakis walked, Inciarte to second. Freeman walked, Inciarte to third, Markakis to second. Pierzynski flied out to left. Beckham singled to right, Inciarte scored, Markakis to third, Freeman to second. Johnson grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Markakis out at home. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Norris pitching for Braves. Jaso singled to center. McCutchen struck out swinging. Jaso caught stealing second, catcher to second. Polanco grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Nicasio pitching for Pirates. Castro flied out to right. Norris struck out swinging. Smith struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Norris pitching for Braves. Kang singled to right. Cervelli grounded into double play, third to second to first, Kang out at second. Joyce reached on infield single to second. Harrison grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Joyce out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Nicasio pitching for Pirates. Inciarte reached on bunt single to catcher. Markakis singled to right, Inciarte to second. Freeman grounded into fielder's choice to first, Inciarte scored on throwing error by first baseman Jaso, Markakis safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Jaso. Pierzynski grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Markakis scored, Freeman out at second. Beckham doubled to left. Johnson flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Norris pitching for Braves. Mercer struck out looking. Hanson hit for Nicasio. Krol pitching for Braves. Brignac at second base. Hanson reached on infield single to shortstop. Rodriguez hit for Jaso. Rodriguez walked. McCutchen singled to right, Hanson scored, Rodriguez to third. Polanco grounded out to shortstop, Rodriguez scored, McCutchen to second. Kang struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Top 6th. Rodriguez at first base. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Castro reached on infield single to shortstop. Brignac singled to right, Castro to second. Smith grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Castro out at third, Brignac to second. Inciarte walked, Brignac to third, Smith to second. Markakis singled to right, Brignac scored, Smith to third, Inciarte to second. Freeman struck out looking. Pierzynski grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Krol pitching for Braves. Cervelli struck out looking. Joyce singled to center. Harrison singled to left center, Joyce to third, Harrison out stretching at second. Ogando pitching for Braves. Mercer struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Beckham doubled to deep right center. Aybar hit for Ogando. Aybar hit by pitch. Castro grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Aybar out at second, Beckham to third. Brignac doubled to deep right, Beckham scored. Caminero pitching for Pirates. Smith homered to right (350 feet), Brignac scored. Rodriguez at second base. Feliz pitching for Pirates. Freese at first base. Inciarte fouled out to catcher. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Grilli pitching for Braves. Freese lined out to right. Rodriguez flied out to left. McCutchen tripled to deep center. Cervenka pitching for Braves. McCutchen scored on Cervenka's wild pitch. Polanco doubled to deep left. Kang grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Watson pitching for Pirates. Markakis fouled out to left. Freeman struck out swinging. Pierzynski grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Cervenka pitching for Braves. Cervelli singled to shallow center. Cervelli stole second. Joyce lined out to right. Figueroa struck out swinging. Mercer singled to shallow left, Cervelli to third. Freese struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Melancon pitching for Pirates. Beckham flied out to right. Aybar flied out to center. Castro singled to center. Francoeur grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Castro out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 9 - Pirates 12.	Pirates spoil Snitker's debut as manager, top Braves 12-9