Indians - Top 1st. De La Cruz pitching for Braves. Davis singled to left. Kipnis grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Davis out at second. Lindor grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Salazar pitching for Indians. Peterson doubled to deep right center. Peterson to third on balk by Salazar. Inciarte grounded into fielder's choice to third, Peterson out at home. Inciarte to second on wild pitch by Salazar. Freeman lined out to second. Markakis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. De La Cruz pitching for Braves. Napoli lined out to left. Ramírez safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Peterson. Chisenhall grounded out to first, Ramírez to third. Gomes fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Salazar pitching for Indians. García lined out to center. Flowers struck out swinging. Aybar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. De La Cruz pitching for Braves. Naquin singled to center. Salazar struck out bunting foul. Davis grounded into double play, third to second to first, Naquin out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Salazar pitching for Indians. Bonifacio flied out to center. De La Cruz singled to center. Peterson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, De La Cruz out at second. Peterson to second on wild pitch by Salazar. Inciarte fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. De La Cruz pitching for Braves. Kipnis lined out to center. Lindor grounded out to third. Napoli walked. Ramírez doubled to right, Napoli to third. Chisenhall flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Salazar pitching for Indians. Freeman struck out swinging. Markakis doubled to deep right. García grounded out to shortstop. Flowers flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. De La Cruz pitching for Braves. Gomes singled to center. Naquin grounded into fielder's choice to second, Gomes out at second. Salazar bunted into fielder's choice to third, Naquin out at second. Davis hit ground rule double to deep left, Salazar to third. Kipnis singled to left, Salazar and Davis scored. Kipnis stole second. Lindor flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Salazar pitching for Indians. Aybar struck out swinging. Bonifacio singled to right. De La Cruz bunted into double play, third to shortstop to second, Bonifacio out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. De La Cruz pitching for Braves. Napoli popped out to second. Ramírez flied out to center. Chisenhall homered to right (405 feet). Gomes flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Salazar pitching for Indians. Peterson doubled to deep left center. Inciarte flied out to left. Freeman struck out swinging. Markakis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Krol pitching for Braves. Naquin lined out to first. Salazar struck out swinging. Davis lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Salazar pitching for Indians. García grounded out to third. Flowers struck out swinging. Aybar grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Krol pitching for Braves. Kipnis hit by pitch. Lindor sacrificed to catcher, Kipnis to second. Cabrera pitching for Braves. Napoli flied out to center, Kipnis to third. Ramírez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Shaw pitching for Indians. Bonifacio grounded out to shortstop. Francoeur hit for Cabrera. Francoeur grounded out to second. Peterson walked. Inciarte reached on infield single to second, Peterson to second. Freeman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Kelly pitching for Braves. Chisenhall grounded out to shortstop. Gomes popped out to second. Naquin reached on infield single to second. Santana hit for Shaw. Santana grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 9th. Allen pitching for Indians. Markakis singled to right. García grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Markakis out at second. Flowers struck out looking. García to second on fielder's indifference. Aybar walked. Bonifacio grounded into fielder's choice to second, Aybar out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 3 - Braves 0.	Indians blank Braves, collect 12th straight win