Braves - Top 1st. Hellickson pitching for Phillies. Peterson popped out to shortstop. Inciarte flied out to center. Freeman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Jenkins pitching for Braves. Herrera singled to right center. Bourjos grounded out to pitcher, Herrera to second. Asche flied out to right. Franco grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Hellickson pitching for Phillies. Markakis flied out to left. Francoeur struck out swinging. García lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Jenkins pitching for Braves. Ruiz walked. Joseph singled to right, Ruiz to second. Galvis grounded out to shortstop, Ruiz to third, Joseph to second. Hernández grounded out to first. Hellickson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Hellickson pitching for Phillies. Pierzynski grounded out to pitcher. Aybar singled to left. Jenkins sacrificed to catcher, Aybar to second, Jenkins safe at first on error by second baseman Hernández. Aybar to third on error by second baseman Hernández. Peterson walked, Jenkins to second. Inciarte popped out to shortstop. Freeman walked, Aybar scored, Jenkins to third, Peterson to second. Markakis grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Jenkins pitching for Braves. Herrera struck out swinging. Bourjos lined out to right. Asche popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Hellickson pitching for Phillies. Francoeur safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Franco. García singled to center, Francoeur to second. Pierzynski lined out to shortstop. Aybar fouled out to shortstop. Jenkins lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Jenkins pitching for Braves. Franco lined out to shortstop. Ruiz grounded out to third. Joseph grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Hellickson pitching for Phillies. Peterson struck out swinging. Inciarte grounded out to shortstop. Freeman grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Jenkins pitching for Braves. Galvis singled to left. Galvis stole second. Hernández singled to left, Galvis thrown out at home, Galvis to third advancing on play. Hernández to second advancing on throw. Hellickson grounded out to second, Hernández to third. Krol pitching for Braves. Herrera doubled to left, Hernández scored. Bourjos flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Hellickson pitching for Phillies. Markakis grounded out to second. Francoeur singled to center. García doubled to deep right center, Francoeur scored. Pierzynski popped out to shortstop. Aybar grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Krol pitching for Braves. Asche struck out swinging. Withrow pitching for Braves. d'Arnaud at shortstop. Franco homered to right center (373 feet). Ruiz walked. Joseph struck out swinging. Galvis struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Ramos pitching for Phillies. d'Arnaud lined out to left. Peterson struck out looking. Inciarte flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Withrow pitching for Braves. Hernández singled to right. Paredes hit for Ramos. Paredes struck out swinging, Hernández stole second. Cervenka pitching for Braves. Herrera struck out swinging. Bourjos intentionally walked. Asche fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Neris pitching for Phillies. Freeman struck out swinging. Markakis singled to right center. Francoeur grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Markakis out at second. Francoeur to second on wild pitch by Neris. García doubled to left, Francoeur scored. Pierzynski singled to left, García to third. Snyder hit for Cervenka. Snyder flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Vizcaíno pitching for Braves. Franco walked. Ruiz singled to left, Franco to second. Joseph grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ruiz out at second, Franco to third. Galvis homered to right (389 feet), Franco scored. Hernández flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Gómez pitching for Phillies. Blanco at first base. d'Arnaud grounded out to shortstop. Peterson grounded out to second. Inciarte grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 3 - Phillies 4.	Freddy Galvis' 2-run homer lifts Phillies over Braves 4-3