Braves - Top 1st. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Inciarte reached on infield single to second. García grounded out to third, Inciarte to second. Freeman homered to left center (399 feet), Inciarte scored. Kemp walked. Markakis doubled to deep right, Kemp to third. Flowers grounded out to shortstop, Kemp scored. d'Arnaud grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Segura grounded out to shortstop. Bourn singled to center. Goldschmidt singled to left center, Bourn to third. Lamb grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Goldschmidt out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Swanson flied out to right. Foltynewicz struck out swinging. Inciarte tripled to deep center. García homered to right center (390 feet), Inciarte scored. Freeman doubled to right. Kemp singled to left, Freeman thrown out at home. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Tomás struck out swinging. Castillo doubled to deep left. Haniger grounded out to pitcher, Castillo to third. Owings singled to right, Castillo scored. Godley grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Owings out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Markakis flied out to center. Flowers grounded out to third. d'Arnaud struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Segura doubled to left. Bourn singled to left, Segura to third. Goldschmidt hit sacrifice fly to center, Segura scored. Lamb struck out swinging. Tomás homered to left center (439 feet), Bourn scored. Castillo lined out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Swanson singled to center. Foltynewicz sacrificed to first, Swanson to second. Inciarte grounded out to first, Swanson to third. García grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Haniger struck out looking. Owings struck out swinging. Godley grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Freeman walked. Kemp walked, Freeman to second. Markakis singled to right, Freeman scored, Kemp to third. Flowers struck out swinging. d'Arnaud hit sacrifice fly to right, Kemp scored. Swanson flied out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Segura singled to right. Bourn flied out to left. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Lamb grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Segura out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Foltynewicz struck out swinging. Inciarte struck out swinging. García grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Tomás flied out to right. Castillo struck out swinging. Haniger reached on infield single to shortstop. Owings struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Hathaway pitching for Diamondbacks. Freeman grounded out to third. Kemp struck out swinging. Markakis singled to right. Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks. Drury in left field. Flowers flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Vizcaíno pitching for Braves. Drury grounded out to third. Segura doubled to left. Bourn singled to center, Segura scored. Goldschmidt singled to right, Bourn to second. Lamb struck out swinging. Tomás walked, Bourn to third, Goldschmidt to second. Castillo doubled to deep center, Bourn, Goldschmidt and Tomás scored. Younginer pitching for Braves. Weeks Jr. hit for Hudson. Weeks Jr. singled to center, Castillo thrown out at home. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Barrett pitching for Diamondbacks. d'Arnaud walked. d'Arnaud to second on wild pitch by Barrett. Swanson struck out swinging. Peterson hit for Younginer. Peterson struck out swinging. Inciarte intentionally walked. d'Arnaud to third, Inciarte to second on wild pitch by Barrett. García grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Gant pitching for Braves. Owings flied out to right. Drury singled to center. Segura struck out swinging. Drury to second on wild pitch by Gant. Bourn grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Burgos pitching for Diamondbacks. Freeman homered to right (424 feet). Kemp grounded out to shortstop. Markakis struck out swinging. Flowers singled to right. d'Arnaud fouled out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Gant pitching for Braves. Goldschmidt homered to left center (438 feet). 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 8 - Diamondbacks 9.	Goldschmidt's game-ending HR lifts D-backs over Braves 9-8