Cubs - Top 1st. Myers pitching for Astros. Castro singled to left. Barney grounded into fielder's choice to third, Castro out at second. Byrd singled to shallow right center, Barney to second. Ramirez flied out to center. Pena struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Russell pitching for Cubs. Bourn reached on bunt single to first. Sanchez reached on bunt single to first, Bourn to second. Pence singled to left, Bourn scored, Sanchez to second. Lee struck out swinging. Michaels flied out to left. Hall singled to left, Sanchez scored, Pence to second, Pence to third, Hall to second on error by left fielder Soriano.H Pence scored on error by second baseman Barney. Johnson flied out to right. 3 Runs, 6 Hits, 4 Errors. Cubs - Top 2nd. Myers pitching for Astros. Soriano struck out swinging. Soto struck out swinging. Colvin grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Russell pitching for Cubs. Quintero doubled to deep right center. Myers singled to right, Quintero to third. Bourn grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Quintero scored, Myers out at second. Bourn stole second. Bourn stole third. Sanchez popped out to second. Pence reached on infield single to second, Bourn scored. Samardzija pitching for Cubs. Lee lined out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 3rd. Myers pitching for Astros. Samardzija struck out looking. Castro flied out to right. Barney flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Samardzija pitching for Cubs. Michaels grounded out to third. Hall struck out swinging. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 4th. Myers pitching for Astros. Byrd doubled to deep center. Ramirez flied out to right. Pena reached on infield single to second, Byrd to third. Soriano fouled out to first. Soto grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Samardzija pitching for Cubs. Quintero walked. Myers bunted into fielder's choice to first, Quintero out at second. Bourn doubled to deep left, Myers to third. Sanchez singled to right center, Myers and Bourn scored. Pence grounded into fielder's choice to second, Sanchez out at second. Lee grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 5th. Myers pitching for Astros. Colvin grounded out to first. Samardzija struck out swinging. Castro reached on infield single to second. Barney grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Castro out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Samardzija pitching for Cubs. Michaels flied out to center. Hall flied out to center. Johnson hit by pitch. Quintero singled to right center, Johnson to second. Stevens pitching for Cubs. Myers grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Quintero out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 6th. Myers pitching for Astros. Byrd singled to left. Ramirez singled to center, Byrd to second. Pena grounded out to first, Byrd to third, Ramirez to second. Soriano popped out to second. Soto grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Johnson in center field. DeWitt at third base. Stevens pitching for Cubs. Bourn struck out swinging. Sanchez doubled to deep center. Pence grounded out to second, Sanchez to third. Lee grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 7th. Myers pitching for Astros. Colvin homered to right (356 feet). Baker hit for Stevens. Baker flied out to center. Castro popped out to first. Barney grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Mateo pitching for Cubs. Baker at second base. Michaels struck out looking. Hall struck out swinging. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 8th. Fulchino pitching for Astros. Johnson doubled to right. DeWitt struck out swinging. Pena lined out to left. Soriano struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Grabow pitching for Cubs. Quintero tripled to deep center. Bourgeois hit for Fulchino. Bourgeois singled to right, Quintero scored. Bourn safe at first on error by third baseman DeWitt, Bourgeois to second. Sanchez singled to deep center, Bourgeois to third, Bourn to second. Pence doubled to deep right, Bourgeois and Bourn scored, Sanchez to third. Lee grounded out to third, Sanchez scored. Michaels singled to right, Pence to third. Hall lined out to shortstop. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Top 9th. Wallace at first base. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Soto singled to left. Colvin doubled to center, Soto to third. Baker lined out to third. Castro grounded out to third, Soto scored. Hill hit for Grabow. Hill walked. Johnson struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cubs 2 - Astros 11.	Myers handles Cubs again as Astros roll in romp