Cardinals - Top 1st. Norris pitching for Astros. Jay grounded out to shortstop. Rasmus flied out to center. Holliday struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Bourn grounded out to second. Sanchez grounded out to second. Pence grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Norris pitching for Astros. Berkman singled to right. Freese struck out swinging. Berkman caught stealing second, catcher to second. Molina walked. Punto flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Lee grounded out to third. Hall struck out swinging. Wallace singled to right. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Norris pitching for Astros. Descalso doubled to center. Garcia bunt grounded out to catcher. Jay grounded out to shortstop, Descalso to third. Rasmus struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Quintero singled to left. Norris sacrificed to pitcher, Quintero to second. Bourn struck out swinging. Quintero to third on wild pitch by Garcia. Sanchez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Norris pitching for Astros. Holliday lined out to right. Berkman struck out swinging. Freese safe at first on error by shortstop Sanchez. Molina singled to right, Freese to second. Punto doubled to deep right, Freese scored, Molina to third. Descalso tripled to deep right, Molina and Punto scored. Garcia grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 4th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Pence homered to left (433 feet). Lee grounded out to pitcher. Hall walked. Hall caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Wallace struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Norris pitching for Astros. Jay grounded out to first. Rasmus flied out to center. Holliday singled to left. Berkman grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Johnson singled to left. Quintero struck out swinging, Johnson to second on wild pitch by Garcia. Norris grounded out to third. Bourn grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Norris pitching for Astros. Freese doubled to deep right. Molina bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Freese out at third. Punto struck out swinging, Molina stole second, Molina to third on throwing error by catcher Quintero. Descalso intentionally walked. Garcia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 6th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Sanchez reached on infield single to second. Pence struck out swinging. Lee safe at first on error by third baseman Freese, Sanchez to second. Hall walked, Sanchez to third, Lee to second. Wallace singled to left, Sanchez scored, Lee to third, Hall to second. Batista pitching for Cardinals. Johnson singled to center, Lee and Hall scored, Wallace to second. Quintero flied out to right. Inglett hit for Norris. Inglett grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 7th. Abad pitching for Astros. Greene hit for Jay. Greene hit by pitch. Rasmus popped out to shortstop. Holliday walked, Greene to second. Berkman popped out to first. Fulchino pitching for Astros. Greene stole third. Freese struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Greene in right field. Batista pitching for Cardinals. Bourn reached on bunt single to third. Sanchez sacrificed to first, Bourn to second. Pence singled to center, Bourn to third, Pence to second advancing on throw. Lee intentionally walked. Hall grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lee out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Fulchino pitching for Astros. Molina singled to center. Punto sacrificed to pitcher, Molina to second. Descalso doubled to deep left, Molina scored. Hamilton hit for Batista. Hamilton flied out to left. Pujols hit for Greene. Pujols intentionally walked. Rasmus fouled out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Pujols at first base. Berkman in right field. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Wallace singled to center. Bourgeois ran for Wallace. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Bourgeois picked off first. Johnson struck out looking. Quintero struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Lee at first base. Bourgeois in left field. Lyon pitching for Astros. Holliday doubled to deep right center. Berkman doubled to left center, Holliday scored. Freese struck out swinging. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Punto grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 9th. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Bogusevic hit for Lyon. Bogusevic singled to right. Bogusevic to second on passed ball by Molina. Bourn sacrificed to first, Bogusevic to third, Bourn safe at first on error by pitcher Boggs. Bogusevic to third on error by pitcher Boggs. Bogusevic scored on Boggs' wild pitch. Sanchez singled to shallow right center, Bourn to second. Pence singled to right, Bourn to third, Sanchez to second. Lee popped out to first. Hall singled to left, Bourn scored, Sanchez to third, Pence to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Cardinals 5 - Astros 6.	Hall's walk-off single caps Astros' comeback win