Cardinals - Top 1st. Figueroa pitching for Astros. Descalso lined out to left. Freese grounded out to pitcher. Pujols flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Bourn grounded out to first. Sanchez flied out to right. Pence singled to center. Lee popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Figueroa pitching for Astros. Holliday walked. Berkman grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Holliday out at second. Rasmus walked. Rasmus stole second. Rasmus safe at third on throwing error by catcher Quintero. Laird popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 2nd. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Wallace doubled to deep left center. Hall lined out to first. Johnson homered to left (429 feet), Wallace scored. Quintero grounded out to shortstop. Figueroa grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Figueroa pitching for Astros. Greene flied out to center. McClellan grounded out to shortstop. Descalso struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Bourn doubled to deep left center. Sanchez grounded out to shortstop, Bourn to third. Pence singled to left, Bourn scored. Lee safe at first on error by pitcher McClellan, Pence to second. Pence to third on wild pitch by McClellan. Wallace struck out swinging. Lee stole second. Hall struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 4th. Figueroa pitching for Astros. Freese singled to left. Pujols flied out to right. Holliday flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 4th. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Johnson flied out to right. Quintero flied out to left. Figueroa grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Figueroa pitching for Astros. Berkman doubled to right. Rasmus walked. Laird singled to shallow center, Berkman scored, Rasmus to second. Greene grounded into fielder's choice to second, Laird out at second, Rasmus to third. McClellan sacrificed to pitcher, Greene to second. Descalso struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Bourn lined out to left. Sanchez grounded out to shortstop. Pence walked. Lee doubled to left, Pence scored. Wallace grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Figueroa pitching for Astros. Freese singled to left. Pujols singled to shallow right, Freese to third. Holliday singled to right center, Freese scored, Pujols to second. Abad pitching for Astros. Berkman homered to left (399 feet), Pujols and Holliday scored. Rasmus singled to right. Laird walked, Rasmus to second. Greene grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Laird out at second, Rasmus to third. McClellan singled to center, Rasmus scored, Greene to second. Descalso flied out to right, Greene to third. Fulchino pitching for Astros. Freese singled to right, Greene scored, McClellan to second. Pujols reached on infield single to third, McClellan to third, Freese to second. Holliday singled to shallow right, McClellan and Freese scored, Pujols to second. Berkman singled to right, Pujols scored, Holliday to third. Del Rosario pitching for Astros. Rasmus grounded out to first. 9 Runs, 10 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Hall singled to shallow left center. Johnson flied out to center. Quintero singled to left, Hall to second. Bogusevic hit for Del Rosario. Bogusevic grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Quintero out at second, Hall to third. Bourn walked, Bogusevic to second. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Sanchez singled to right, Hall scored, Bogusevic to third, Bourn to second. Pence struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Valdez pitching for Astros. Laird popped out to second. Greene struck out swinging. Hamilton hit for Motte. Hamilton doubled to deep right center. Descalso struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Batista pitching for Cardinals. Lee grounded out to shortstop. Wallace doubled to left. Hall grounded out to shortstop. Johnson lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Valdez pitching for Astros. Freese grounded out to third. Pujols flied out to left. Holliday grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Descalso at third base. Punto at second base. Batista pitching for Cardinals. Quintero safe at first on error by third baseman Descalso. Inglett hit for Valdez. Inglett singled to shallow left, Quintero to second. Bourn flied out to left. Sanchez flied out to right, Quintero to third. Pence safe at first on error by third baseman Descalso, Quintero scored, Inglett to second. Lee singled to right, Inglett scored, Pence to second. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Pence to third, Lee to second on passed ball by Laird. Wallace walked. Salas pitching for Cardinals. Punto at third base. Greene at second base. Theriot at shortstop. Pence out at home on runner's fielder's choice. Hall batting. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Berkman homered to right center (467 feet). Rasmus struck out swinging. Laird grounded out to shortstop. Greene struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 9th. Jay in right field. Salas pitching for Cardinals. Hall grounded out to shortstop. Johnson doubled to right. Quintero struck out swinging. Downs hit for Rodriguez. Downs walked. Bourn grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 11 - Astros 7.	Berkman's five RBIs help Cardinals beat Astros