Astros - Top 1st. Stauffer pitching for Padres. Bourn reached on infield single to shortstop. Barmes popped out to second. Pence grounded out to third, Bourn to second. Lee struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Norris pitching for Astros. Patterson struck out swinging. Bartlett lined out to right. Headley walked. Ludwick flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Stauffer pitching for Padres. Keppinger singled to right. Wallace walked, Keppinger to second. Johnson singled to right center, Keppinger scored, Wallace to second. Towles struck out swinging. Norris sacrificed to third, Wallace to third, Johnson to second. Bourn struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Norris pitching for Astros. Hawpe fouled out to third. Tekotte struck out swinging. Phillips grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Stauffer pitching for Padres. Barmes singled to left center. Pence singled to center, Barmes to second. Lee hit ground rule double to deep center, Barmes scored, Pence to third. Keppinger reached first base on catcher's interference. Keppinger batting. Wallace grounded out to second, Pence scored, Lee to third, Keppinger to second. Johnson intentionally walked. Towles safe at first on error by shortstop Bartlett, Lee scored, Keppinger to third, Johnson to second. Norris grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Keppinger scored, Towles out at second, Johnson to third, Johnson scored, Norris to second on throwing error by second baseman Forsythe. Bourn hit by pitch. Barmes lined out to left. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 3 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Norris pitching for Astros. Forsythe flied out to center. Stauffer singled to right. Patterson flied out to center. Bartlett walked, Stauffer to second. Headley singled to deep right, Stauffer scored, Bartlett to third. Ludwick singled to deep right center, Bartlett scored, Headley to second. Hawpe struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Stauffer pitching for Padres. Pence grounded out to shortstop. Lee struck out looking. Keppinger grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Norris pitching for Astros. Tekotte flied out to right. Phillips flied out to center. Forsythe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Stauffer pitching for Padres. Wallace flied out to left. Johnson homered to left (397 feet). Towles reached on infield single to third. Norris sacrificed to pitcher, Towles to second. Bourn flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Cunningham hit for Stauffer. Norris pitching for Astros. Cunningham flied out to center. Patterson flied out to center. Bartlett struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Frieri pitching for Padres. Barmes flied out to left. Pence struck out swinging. Lee singled to center. Keppinger flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Norris pitching for Astros. Headley struck out swinging. Ludwick flied out to right. Hawpe singled to left. Tekotte fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Frieri pitching for Padres. Wallace doubled to deep left center. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. Towles hit by pitch. Norris bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Wallace out at third, Towles to second. Bourn walked, Towles to third, Norris to second. Barmes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bourn out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Norris pitching for Astros. Phillips doubled to right. Forsythe reached on infield single to third, Phillips to third. Denorfia hit for Frieri. Fulchino pitching for Astros. Forsythe stole second. Denorfia hit sacrifice fly to right, Phillips scored, Forsythe to third. Patterson hit sacrifice fly to center, Forsythe scored. Bartlett flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Neshek pitching for Padres. Pence struck out swinging. Lee walked. Keppinger flied out to left. Wallace singled to right, Lee to second. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Lopez pitching for Astros. Michaels in left field. Headley struck out swinging. Ludwick flied out to center. Hawpe grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Qualls pitching for Padres. Towles grounded out to third. Michaels struck out swinging. Bourn grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 9th. Melancon pitching for Astros. Tekotte walked. Phillips struck out swinging. Forsythe lined out to second. Cantu hit for Qualls. Cantu struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 7 - Padres 4.	Astros tip Padres, win season-best 4th straight