Red Sox - Top 1st. Happ pitching for Astros. Ellsbury walked. Pedroia reached on infield single to shortstop, Ellsbury to second, Ellsbury to third on error by first baseman Lee. Gonzalez singled to right, Ellsbury scored, Pedroia to second. Youkilis singled to left center, Pedroia to third, Gonzalez to second. Ortiz walked, Pedroia scored, Gonzalez to third, Youkilis to second. Saltalamacchia grounded into double play, third to second to first, Gonzalez scored, Ortiz out at second, Youkilis to third. McDonald flied out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 1st. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Bourn tripled to deep left. Sanchez singled to shallow center, Bourn scored. Pence singled to center, Sanchez to second. Lee lined out to left. Michaels grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pence out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Happ pitching for Astros. Scutaro grounded out to second. Miller struck out swinging. Ellsbury grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Johnson grounded out to second. Barmes struck out swinging. Towles walked. Happ grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Happ pitching for Astros. Pedroia singled to right center. Gonzalez grounded out to second, Pedroia to second. Youkilis flied out to left. Ortiz grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Bourn fouled out to third. Sanchez grounded out to shortstop. Pence singled to right. Lee popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Happ pitching for Astros. Saltalamacchia flied out to center. McDonald flied out to right. Scutaro grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Michaels struck out looking. Johnson walked. Barmes grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Johnson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Happ pitching for Astros. Miller struck out swinging. Ellsbury doubled to right. Pedroia doubled to left, Ellsbury scored. Gonzalez grounded out to first, Pedroia to third. Youkilis grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Towles grounded out to second, pitcher assist. Happ struck out looking. Bourn singled to shallow left. Sanchez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Happ pitching for Astros. Ortiz flied out to left. Saltalamacchia walked. McDonald grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Saltalamacchia out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Gonzalez at first base. Reddick in left field. McDonald in right field. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Pence homered to left (377 feet). Lee singled to shallow left. Michaels grounded into double play, second to first, Lee out at second. Johnson grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Happ pitching for Astros. Scutaro flied out to center. Navarro hit for Miller. Navarro homered to left (363 feet). Ellsbury struck out looking. Lopez pitching for Astros. Pedroia grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Aceves pitching for Red Sox. Barmes grounded out to shortstop. Towles grounded out to third. Keppinger hit for Lopez. Keppinger singled to right. Bourn singled to left center, Keppinger to second. Downs hit for Sanchez. Downs walked, Keppinger to third, Bourn to second. Bard pitching for Red Sox. Pence walked, Keppinger scored, Bourn to third, Downs to second. Lee grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pence out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Downs at second base. Abad pitching for Astros. Gonzalez singled to shallow left center. Youkilis singled to shallow left, Gonzalez to second. Reddick singled to shallow right center, Gonzalez to third, Youkilis to second. Saltalamacchia hit sacrifice fly to left, Gonzalez scored, Youkilis to third, Reddick to second. McDonald homered to left (414 feet), Youkilis and Reddick scored. Scutaro grounded out to shortstop. Drew hit for Bard. Drew grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Jenks pitching for Red Sox. Michaels flied out to center. Johnson struck out swinging. Barmes flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Ellsbury struck out swinging. Pedroia grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez doubled to deep right. Youkilis singled to left, Gonzalez scored. Reddick struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 9th. Wheeler pitching for Red Sox. Sutton at third base. Towles grounded out to pitcher. Bogusevic hit for Rodriguez. Bogusevic grounded out to first. Bourn singled to center. Bourn to second on fielder's indifference. Downs singled to center, Bourn scored. Downs to second on fielder's indifference. Pence flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 10 - Astros 4.	McDonald's HR powers Red Sox