Astros - Top 1st. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Bourn grounded out to first. Keppinger singled to center. Pence singled to left, Keppinger to third. Lee hit sacrifice fly to center, Keppinger scored. Michaels walked, Pence to second. Downs lined out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Myers pitching for Astros. Presley singled to right, Presley out stretching at second. D'Arnaud flied out to right. Jones doubled to deep left. McCutchen grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Barmes grounded out to shortstop. Corporan fouled out to first. Myers grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Myers pitching for Astros. Walker flied out to left. Overbay singled to center. Harrison singled to right, Overbay to second. McKenry singled to left, Overbay scored, Harrison to second. Maholm struck out looking. Presley singled to right, Harrison thrown out at home, McKenry to second. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Bourn bunt grounded out to third. Keppinger singled to left. Pence grounded into fielder's choice to third, Keppinger safe at second on error by third baseman Harrison. Lee singled to center, Keppinger scored, Pence to third. Michaels struck out swinging. Downs safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Harrison, Pence scored, Lee advanced to second on Harrison throwing error, Lee to third, Downs to second on throwing error by first baseman Overbay. Barmes intentionally walked. Corporan grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Barmes out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 3 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Myers pitching for Astros. D'Arnaud doubled to left. Jones grounded out to second, D'Arnaud to third. McCutchen doubled to deep center, D'Arnaud scored. Walker grounded out to second, McCutchen to third. Overbay singled to center, McCutchen scored. Harrison flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Wood at third base. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Myers struck out swinging. Bourn grounded out to shortstop. Keppinger grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Myers pitching for Astros. McKenry flied out to left. Maholm grounded out to first. Presley grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Pence hit by pitch. Lee popped out to first. Michaels grounded into double play, third to second to first, Pence out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Myers pitching for Astros. D'Arnaud reached on infield single to third. Jones singled to right, D'Arnaud to second. McCutchen flied out to right, D'Arnaud to third. Walker singled to right, D'Arnaud scored, Jones to second. Overbay grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Walker out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Downs singled to center. Barmes walked, Downs to second. Corporan sacrificed to first, Downs to third, Barmes to second. Myers grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Downs out at home, Barmes to third. Bourn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Myers pitching for Astros. Wood safe at first on error by third baseman Downs. McKenry popped out to third. Maholm sacrificed to first, Wood to second. Presley tripled to deep center, Wood scored. D'Arnaud grounded out to catcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Astros - Top 7th. McCutchen pitching for Pirates. Keppinger grounded out to second. Pence doubled to deep center. Lee grounded out to pitcher, Pence to third. Michaels flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Escalona pitching for Astros. Jones flied out to left. McCutchen struck out looking. Walker singled to left. Walker stole second. Overbay lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Veras pitching for Pirates. Paul in right field. Downs popped out to shortstop. Barmes struck out swinging. Corporan lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Del Rosario pitching for Astros. Wood walked. McKenry sacrificed to catcher, Wood to second. Paul grounded out to second, Wood to third. Presley intentionally walked. Presley stole second. D'Arnaud lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Hanrahan pitching for Pirates. Wallace hit for Del Rosario. Wallace flied out to right. Bourn grounded out to second. Keppinger flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 3 - Pirates 5.	Pirates rise 3 games over .500