Astros - Top 1st. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Bourn singled to left. Bourn caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop to first to second. Altuve struck out swinging. Bourgeois reached on infield single to second. Lee struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Norris pitching for Astros. Descalso struck out swinging. Theriot grounded out to second. Pujols flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Johnson singled to left. Wallace struck out swinging. Barmes homered to left (380 feet), Johnson scored. Corporan lined out to pitcher. Norris fouled out to catcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Norris pitching for Astros. Holliday struck out swinging. Jay struck out swinging. Molina grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Bourn struck out looking. Altuve singled to center. Bourgeois lined out to right. Lee struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Norris pitching for Astros. Schumaker grounded out to second. Punto hit ground rule double to left. Carpenter grounded out to shortstop, Punto to third. Descalso struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Johnson struck out looking. Wallace grounded out to shortstop. Barmes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Norris pitching for Astros. Theriot grounded out to third. Pujols grounded out to third. Holliday doubled to deep center. Jay doubled to deep center, Holliday scored. Molina grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Corporan walked. Norris bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Corporan out at second. Bourn singled to left, Norris to second. Altuve singled to left, Norris to third, Bourn to second. Bourgeois grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Norris out at home, Bourn to third, Altuve to second. Lee fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Norris pitching for Astros. Schumaker lined out to shortstop. Punto walked. Carpenter grounded out to second, Punto to second. Descalso flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Johnson singled to shallow left center. Wallace grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Johnson out at second. Barmes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Norris pitching for Astros. Theriot grounded out to shortstop. Pujols safe at first on error by third baseman Johnson, Pujols to second on throwing error by third baseman Johnson. Holliday walked. Jay struck out looking. Molina singled to center, Pujols scored, Holliday to third, Molina to second advancing on throw. Schumaker grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Corporan grounded out to first. Sanchez hit for Norris. Sanchez flied out to center. Bourn flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Punto walked. Carpenter sacrificed to first, Punto to second. Descalso struck out swinging. Theriot walked. Pujols flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Altuve flied out to center. Bourgeois reached on infield single to second. Lee singled to left, Bourgeois to third. Johnson walked, Lee to second. Pence hit for Wallace. Pence grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Johnson out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Bourgeois in left field. Lee at first base. Pence in right field. Rodriguez Jr. pitching for Astros. Holliday doubled to deep center. Jay bunt popped out to pitcher. Molina flied out to center. Schumaker grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Barmes doubled to left. Corporan bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Barmes out at third. Downs hit for Rodriguez. Downs struck out swinging. Bourn walked, Corporan to second. Altuve singled to center, Corporan scored, Bourn to third, Bourn scored, Altuve to second on throwing error by center fielder Jay. Bourgeois reached on infield single to first, Altuve to third. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Lee popped out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Melancon pitching for Astros. Punto walked. Freese hit for Motte. Freese singled to left, Punto to second. Lohse ran for Freese. Descalso sacrificed to pitcher, Punto to third, Lohse to second. Theriot struck out swinging. Pujols struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 4 - Cardinals 2.	Altuve, Astros top Cards to snap five-game skid