Cubs - Top 1st . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Lake homered to left ( 374 feet ) . Valbuena lined out to right . Rizzo grounded out to second . Schierholtz struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Cubs . Carpenter struck out swinging . Wong fouled out to catcher . Holliday grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 2nd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Sweeney struck out swinging . Castro singled to center . Barney flied out to left . Baker grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Cubs . Adams homered to right ( 372 feet ) . Molina reached on infield single to third . Craig singled to right , Molina to second . Jay struck out swinging . Descalso singled to center , Molina scored , Craig to third , Descalso to second on throwing error by center fielder Sweeney . Wainwright singled to left , Craig scored , Descalso to third . Carpenter reached on infield single to shortstop , Descalso scored , Wainwright to second . Wong flied out to center , Wainwright to third . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 3rd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Villanueva struck out swinging . Lake bunt grounded out to pitcher . Valbuena flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Cubs . Adams flied out to left . Molina doubled to deep center . Craig grounded out to shortstop , Molina to third . Jay grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 4th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Rizzo singled to right . Schierholtz doubled to deep center , Rizzo to third . Sweeney struck out swinging . Castro grounded out to shortstop , Rizzo scored , Schierholtz to third . Barney struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Cubs . Descalso doubled to deep right center . Wainwright sacrificed into fielder 's choice to third , Descalso to third . Carpenter singled to center , Descalso scored , Wainwright to second . Wainwright to third , Carpenter to second on passed ball by Baker . Wong singled to center , Wainwright scored , Carpenter to third . Wong stole second . Holliday grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Carpenter scored , Wong to third . Rusin pitching for Cubs . Adams popped out to shortstop . Holliday stole second . Molina intentionally walked . Craig struck out swinging . Jay singled to shallow left , Wong and Holliday scored , Molina to second . Descalso popped out to third . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 5th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Baker grounded out to second . Rusin struck out swinging . Lake struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Rusin pitching for Cubs . Wainwright popped out to first . Carpenter flied out to left . Wong lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 6th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Valbuena doubled to deep right . Rizzo grounded out to second , Valbuena to third . Schierholtz doubled to deep center , Valbuena scored . Sweeney doubled to deep center , Schierholtz scored . Castro grounded out to third . Barney popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Rusin pitching for Cubs . Holliday doubled to right . Adams grounded out to second , Holliday to third . Molina grounded out to third , Holliday scored . Craig grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 7th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Baker lined out to left . Rusin grounded out to shortstop . Lake struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Rusin pitching for Cubs . Jay grounded out to shortstop . Descalso grounded out to second . Robinson hit for Wainwright . Robinson singled to center . Carpenter lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . Choate pitching for Cardinals . Olt hit for Valbuena . Olt walked . Rizzo flied out to left . Schierholtz struck out swinging . Sweeney struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Olt at third base . Kozma hit for Wong . Rusin pitching for Cubs . Kozma flied out to right . Holliday grounded out to third . Adams grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 9th . Kozma at shortstop . Cruz catching . Descalso at second base . Maness pitching for Cardinals . Castro doubled to left . Barney grounded out to second , Castro to third . Baker lined out to shortstop . Kalish hit for Rusin . Kalish struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 4 - Cardinals 10 .	Carpenter , Wainwright help Cardinals top Cubs