Pirates - Top 1st . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Marte grounded out to shortstop . Tabata walked . McCutchen lined out to left . Alvarez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Volquez pitching for Pirates . Carpenter doubled to deep right . Jay sacrificed to third , Carpenter to third . Holliday hit sacrifice fly to left , Carpenter scored . Adams flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Walker flied out to center . Davis flied out to left . Mercer lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Volquez pitching for Pirates . Molina doubled to right . Craig lined out to center , Molina to third . Peralta walked . Descalso grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Molina out at home , Peralta to second , Peralta to third , Descalso to second advancing on throw . Wainwright grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Sanchez reached on infield single to third . Volquez singled to center , Sanchez to second . Marte bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Sanchez out at third , Volquez to second . Tabata flied out to right . McCutchen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Volquez pitching for Pirates . Carpenter grounded out to second . Jay flied out to center . Holliday grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Alvarez flied out to left . Walker grounded out to second . Davis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Volquez pitching for Pirates . Adams flied out to right . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Craig grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Mercer grounded out to shortstop . Sanchez struck out swinging . Volquez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Volquez pitching for Pirates . Peralta homered to left ( 407 feet ) . Descalso grounded out to second . Wainwright struck out swinging . Carpenter grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Marte lined out to center . Tabata hit by pitch . McCutchen struck out swinging . Alvarez singled to right center , Tabata to third . Walker struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Volquez pitching for Pirates . Jay struck out swinging . Holliday singled to left . Adams singled to left , Holliday to second . Molina grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Adams out at second , Holliday to third . Craig singled to right , Holliday scored , Molina to second . Peralta homered to left center ( 393 feet ) , Molina and Craig scored . Gomez pitching for Pirates . Harrison at second base . Descalso grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Davis struck out swinging . Mercer grounded out to shortstop . Sanchez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Gomez pitching for Pirates . Wainwright grounded out to pitcher . Carpenter singled to center . Jay grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Carpenter out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Harrison walked . Marte struck out swinging . Tabata grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Harrison out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Gomez pitching for Pirates . Holliday struck out swinging . Adams tripled to right . Molina hit sacrifice fly to right , Adams scored . Craig grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . McCutchen struck out swinging . Alvarez struck out swinging . Snider hit for Gomez . Snider struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 0 - Cardinals 7 .	Wainwright , Peralta pace Cardinals past Pirates