Royals - Top 1st . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Aoki grounded out to third . Infante struck out swinging . Hosmer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Shields pitching for Royals . Carpenter singled to shallow center . Wong grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Carpenter safe at second on error by first baseman Hosmer . Holliday lined out to center . Craig singled to left , Carpenter to third , Wong to second . Molina grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Craig out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 2nd . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Gordon grounded out to second . Perez grounded out to third . Cain grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Shields pitching for Royals . Taveras singled to right . Peralta lined out to left . Jay singled to right , Taveras to second . Garcia grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jay out at second , Taveras to third . Carpenter walked , Garcia to second . Wong homered to right ( 388 feet ) , Taveras , Garcia and Carpenter scored . Holliday walked . Craig grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Moustakas grounded out to first . Escobar flied out to center . Shields singled to right . Aoki grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Shields pitching for Royals . Molina flied out to right . Taveras grounded out to third . Peralta doubled to deep center . Jay struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Infante flied out to center . Hosmer singled to left center . Gordon singled to shallow left , Hosmer to second . Perez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Gordon out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Shields pitching for Royals . Garcia singled to right . Carpenter sacrificed to pitcher , Garcia to second . Wong lined into double play , shortstop to second , Garcia doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Cain struck out swinging . Moustakas doubled to deep right center . Escobar tripled to deep center , Moustakas scored . Shields doubled to deep left center , Escobar scored . Aoki singled to left , Shields scored , Aoki to second advancing on throw . Infante lined out to center , Aoki to third . Hosmer hit by pitch . Gordon homered to right ( 379 feet ) , Aoki and Hosmer scored . Perez grounded out to first . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Shields pitching for Royals . Holliday walked . Craig safe at first on error by third baseman Moustakas , Holliday to second . Molina grounded out to shortstop , Holliday to third , Craig to second . Taveras hit sacrifice fly to right , Holliday scored , Craig to third . Peralta doubled to left , Craig scored . Jay flied out to left . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Maness pitching for Cardinals . Bourjos in center field . Cain grounded out to pitcher . Moustakas flied out to center . Escobar flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Shields pitching for Royals . Bourjos homered to left ( 428 feet ) . Carpenter walked . Wong grounded out to third , Carpenter to second . Crow pitching for Royals . Dyson in center field . Holliday grounded out to second , Carpenter to third . Craig flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Freeman pitching for Cardinals . Dyson grounded out to third . Aoki walked . Infante struck out swinging . Hosmer grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Rodriguez pitching for Royals . Molina popped out to second . Taveras flied out to center . Peralta flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Freeman pitching for Cardinals . Gordon struck out swinging . Neshek pitching for Cardinals . Perez singled to center . Butler hit for Rodriguez . Butler reached on infield single to second , Perez to second . Guthrie ran for Butler . Moustakas popped out to second . Escobar reached on infield single to second , Perez scored , Guthrie to third . Dyson flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Davis pitching for Royals . Descalso hit for Neshek . Descalso grounded out to first . Bourjos struck out swinging . Carpenter singled to center . Wong grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals . Descalso at second base . Aoki grounded out to second . Infante doubled to deep right . Hosmer singled to left , Infante scored , Hosmer to second advancing on throw . Gordon intentionally walked . Perez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Gordon out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Holland pitching for Royals . Holliday struck out looking . Craig struck out swinging . Molina lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 8 - Cardinals 7 .	Royals outlast Cardinals 8 - 7