Marlins - Top 1st . Gonzales pitching for Cardinals . Yelich singled to center . Lucas singled to left , Yelich to second . Stanton grounded into double play , third to second to first , Lucas out at second , Yelich to third . McGehee singled to center , Yelich scored . Ozuna singled to center , McGehee to second . Baker grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Alvarez pitching for Marlins . Carpenter walked . Holliday grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Carpenter out at second . Adams reached on infield single to second . Craig grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Adams out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Gonzales pitching for Cardinals . Saltalamacchia grounded out to third . Hechavarria struck out swinging . Alvarez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Alvarez pitching for Marlins . Molina grounded out to second . Taveras flied out to left . Wong struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Gonzales pitching for Cardinals . Yelich grounded out to second . Lucas struck out swinging . Stanton walked . McGehee singled to right , Stanton to third . Ozuna walked , McGehee to second . Baker grounded into fielder 's choice to third , McGehee out at third , Ozuna to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Alvarez pitching for Marlins . Descalso lined out to left . Gonzales grounded out to second . Carpenter grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Gonzales pitching for Cardinals . Saltalamacchia flied out to center . Hechavarria struck out looking . Alvarez reached on infield single to second . Yelich walked , Alvarez to second . Lucas struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Alvarez pitching for Marlins . Holliday grounded out to third . Adams singled to shallow left . Adams stole second . Craig grounded out to second , Adams to third . Molina hit by pitch . Taveras grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Molina out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Gonzales pitching for Cardinals . Stanton singled to left . McGehee flied out to center . Ozuna flied out to center , Stanton to second . Baker walked . Saltalamacchia walked , Stanton to third , Baker to second . Maness pitching for Cardinals . Hechavarria grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Saltalamacchia out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Alvarez pitching for Marlins . Wong bunt grounded out to third . Descalso flied out to left . Maness singled to right . Carpenter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Greenwood pitching for Cardinals . Alvarez singled to right . Yelich singled to center , Alvarez to second . Lucas flied out to right . Stanton flied out to center , Alvarez to third , Yelich to second . McGehee intentionally walked . Ozuna singled to left , Alvarez and Yelich scored , McGehee to second . Baker singled to center , McGehee scored , Ozuna to second . Saltalamacchia grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Alvarez pitching for Marlins . Holliday flied out to center . Adams singled to left center . Craig struck out swinging . Molina lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Greenwood pitching for Cardinals . Hechavarria grounded out to second . Alvarez singled to right . Yelich struck out looking . Lucas grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Alvarez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Alvarez pitching for Marlins . Taveras grounded out to shortstop . Wong homered to right ( 416 feet ) . Descalso grounded out to second . Jay hit for Greenwood . Jay grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Motte pitching for Cardinals . Stanton singled to center . McGehee walked , Stanton to second . Ozuna grounded out to first , Stanton to third , McGehee to second . Baker singled to left , Stanton scored , McGehee to third . Saltalamacchia homered to right ( 384 feet ) , McGehee and Baker scored . Hechavarria hit ground rule double to deep left center . Bour hit for Alvarez . Bour struck out looking . Yelich lined out to center . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Gregg pitching for Marlins . Carpenter popped out to shortstop . Bourjos hit for Holliday . Bourjos doubled to left . Adams hit ground rule double to deep left center , Bourjos scored . Adams to third on wild pitch by Gregg . Craig grounded out to second , Adams scored . Cruz hit for Molina . Cruz walked . Jennings pitching for Marlins . Taveras struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Bourjos in center field . Craig in left field . Cruz catching . Taveras in right field . Choate pitching for Cardinals . Lucas lined out to second . Stanton flied out to center . McGehee grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Jennings pitching for Marlins . Wong singled to center . Descalso doubled to deep right , Wong scored . Ellis hit for Choate . Hatcher pitching for Marlins . Ellis grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Descalso out at third . Carpenter grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ellis out at second . Carpenter to second on fielder 's indifference . Bourjos reached on infield single to shortstop , Carpenter to third . Adams flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 8 - Cardinals 4 .	Alvarez leads way , Marlins beat Cardinals 8 - 4