Pirates - Top 1st . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Polanco flied out to right . Harrison popped out to shortstop . McCutchen singled to left . McCutchen stole second . Walker walked . McCutchen stole third . Martin singled to left , McCutchen scored , Walker to second . Davis flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Volquez pitching for Pirates . Carpenter singled to center . Taveras struck out swinging . Holliday flied out to center . Adams flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Alvarez doubled to left . Mercer lined out to center . Volquez sacrificed to pitcher , Alvarez to third . Polanco popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Volquez pitching for Pirates . Peralta walked . Jay struck out swinging . Peralta caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Cruz struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Harrison popped out to second . McCutchen flied out to right . Walker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Volquez pitching for Pirates . Wong reached on bunt single to third . Wong stole second . Miller sacrificed to pitcher , Wong to third . Carpenter hit sacrifice fly to center , Wong scored . Taveras fouled out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Martin grounded out to third . Davis popped out to second . Alvarez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Volquez pitching for Pirates . Holliday singled to right center . Adams singled to shallow left , Holliday to second . Peralta flied out to right , Holliday to third . Jay grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Adams out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Mercer walked . Volquez sacrificed to third , Mercer to second . Polanco walked . Harrison flied out to right , Mercer to third . McCutchen singled to right , Mercer scored , Polanco to second . Walker doubled to deep right center , Polanco and McCutchen scored . Martin walked . Davis popped out to third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Volquez pitching for Pirates . Cruz grounded out to pitcher . Wong hit by pitch . Ellis hit for Miller . Ellis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wong out at second . Carpenter flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Lyons pitching for Cardinals . Alvarez safe at first on error by first baseman Adams . Mercer grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Alvarez safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Lyons . Volquez bunted into fielder 's choice to third , Mercer out at second , Alvarez to third . Polanco walked , Volquez to second . Harrison hit ground rule double to deep center , Alvarez and Volquez scored , Polanco to third . Polanco scored , Harrison to third on passed ball by Cruz . McCutchen hit sacrifice fly to center , Harrison scored . Walker popped out to second . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Volquez pitching for Pirates . Taveras grounded out to second . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . Adams flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Lyons pitching for Cardinals . Martin singled to left . Sanchez hit for Davis . Sanchez popped out to second . Alvarez grounded into double play , to first , Martin out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Sanchez at first base . Volquez pitching for Pirates . Peralta singled to right . Jay grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Peralta out at second . Cruz flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Lyons pitching for Cardinals . Mercer flied out to center . Volquez walked . Polanco struck out swinging . Harrison singled to left , Volquez to second . McCutchen grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Volquez pitching for Pirates . Wong grounded out to pitcher . Descalso hit for Lyons . Descalso struck out swinging . Carpenter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Motte pitching for Cardinals . Bourjos in center field . Jay in left field . Descalso at third base . Walker lined out to center . Martin homered to left ( 376 feet ) . Sanchez popped out to second . Alvarez flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Volquez pitching for Pirates . Taveras lined out to right . Bourjos singled to right center . Perez hit for Adams . Perez walked , Bourjos to second . Peralta grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Perez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 9 - Cardinals 1 .	Volquez leads Pirates to 9 - 1 win over Cardinals