Cardinals - Top 1st . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Carpenter struck out swinging . Wong singled to center . Holliday grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Wong out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Gomez singled to center . Gennett singled to center , Gomez to second . Braun reached on infield single to first , Gomez and Gennett scored , Braun thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . Ramirez singled to center . Lucroy grounded out to shortstop , Ramirez to second . Ramirez to third on balk by Martinez . Davis struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Adams struck out swinging . Peralta singled to right . Craig grounded out to shortstop , Peralta to second . Jay grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Overbay struck out swinging . Herrera singled to center . Peralta bunted into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Herrera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Cruz popped out to third . Martinez grounded out to second . Carpenter struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Gomez struck out swinging . Gennett walked . Braun walked , Gennett to second . Ramirez struck out swinging . Lucroy walked , Gennett to third , Braun to second . Davis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Wong struck out swinging , Wong safe at first on passed ball by Lucroy . Wong stole second . Holliday grounded out to third , Wong to third . Adams grounded out to third , Wong scored . Peralta flied out to right . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Overbay flied out to left . Herrera singled to center . Peralta sacrificed to pitcher , Herrera to second . Gomez hit by pitch . Gennett doubled to left , Herrera and Gomez scored . Braun grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Craig singled to center . Jay lined out to left . Cruz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Craig out at second . Taveras hit for Martinez . Taveras struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Maness pitching for Cardinals . Ramirez grounded out to third . Lucroy grounded out to pitcher . Davis homered to right center ( 389 feet ) . Overbay grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Carpenter lined out to left . Wong grounded out to second . Holliday flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Maness pitching for Cardinals . Herrera doubled to left center . Peralta sacrificed to pitcher , Herrera to third . Gomez singled to left center , Herrera scored . Gennett singled to left center , Gomez to second . Braun singled to left , Gomez scored , Gennett to second . Motte pitching for Cardinals . Ramirez singled to center , Gennett scored , Braun to second . Lucroy flied out to right , Braun to third . Davis flied out to right . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Adams lined out to third . Peralta grounded out to third . Craig grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Greenwood pitching for Cardinals . Descalso at shortstop . Overbay grounded out to first . Herrera singled to center . Weeks hit for Peralta . Weeks hit by pitch , Herrera to second . Gomez doubled to deep right , Herrera scored , Weeks to third . Gennett struck out swinging . Braun grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Smith pitching for Brewers . Jay grounded out to first . Cruz doubled to deep left . Descalso struck out swinging . Ellis hit for Carpenter . Ellis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Ellis at third base . Bourjos in center field . Jay in left field . Greenwood pitching for Cardinals . Ramirez singled to left . Lucroy hit ground rule double to deep right , Ramirez to third . Davis grounded out to third , Ramirez scored , Lucroy to third . Overbay singled to left , Lucroy scored . Herrera reached on infield single to third , Overbay to second , Overbay to third on throwing error by third baseman Ellis . Reynolds hit for Smith . Reynolds grounded into double play , third to second to first , Herrera out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 9th . Rodriguez pitching for Brewers . Maldonado catching . Reynolds at third base . Wong grounded out to first . Bourjos walked . Adams singled to deep right , Bourjos to third . Kottaras hit for Greenwood . Kottaras grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bourjos scored , Adams safe at second on error by second baseman Gennett . Craig grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kottaras out at second , Adams to third . Jay flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 2 - Brewers 11 .	Herrera has 5 hits as Brewers snap skid at 7