Brewers - Top 1st . Masterson pitching for Cardinals . Gomez grounded out to shortstop . Parra walked . Braun struck out swinging . Parra stole second . Ramirez singled to left , Parra scored . Lucroy grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Lohse pitching for Brewers . Carpenter flied out to left . Wong homered to center ( 412 feet ) . Holliday struck out swinging . Adams grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Masterson pitching for Cardinals . Overbay walked . Gennett grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Overbay out at second . Segura grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Lohse pitching for Brewers . Peralta homered to left ( 389 feet ) . Taveras grounded out to first . Bourjos flied out to right . Cruz walked . Masterson singled to right , Cruz to second . Carpenter walked , Cruz to third , Masterson to second . Wong singled to right , Cruz and Masterson scored , Carpenter to third . Holliday singled to left , Carpenter scored , Wong to third , Wong scored , Holliday to second on throwing error by left fielder Parra . Adams lined out to right . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 3rd . Masterson pitching for Cardinals . Lohse struck out looking . Gomez struck out swinging . Parra grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Lohse pitching for Brewers . Peralta popped out to second . Taveras lined out to left . Bourjos struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Masterson pitching for Cardinals . Braun singled to center . Ramirez singled to center , Braun to second . Lucroy grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Ramirez out at second , Braun to third . Overbay walked , Lucroy to second . Gennett doubled to deep center , Braun and Lucroy scored , Overbay to third . Segura grounded out to third , Overbay scored , Gennett to third . Lohse struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Lohse pitching for Brewers . Cruz doubled to deep left . Masterson sacrificed to third , Cruz to third . Carpenter hit sacrifice fly to left , Cruz scored . Wong popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Masterson pitching for Cardinals . Gomez reached on infield single to shortstop . Gomez stole second . Parra sacrificed to pitcher , Gomez to third . Braun grounded out to third , Gomez scored . Ramirez tripled to right . Lucroy grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Lohse pitching for Brewers . Holliday singled to center . Adams walked , Holliday to second . Peralta singled to left , Holliday to third , Adams to second . Taveras doubled to center , Holliday and Adams scored , Peralta to third . Kintzler pitching for Brewers . Bourjos grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Peralta out at home , Taveras to third , Bourjos to second . Cruz grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Taveras out at home , Bourjos to third . Masterson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Masterson pitching for Cardinals . Overbay grounded out to first . Gennett singled to shallow left . Segura grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gennett out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Estrada pitching for Brewers . Herrera at second base . Carpenter grounded out to pitcher . Wong doubled to left . Wong stole third . Holliday struck out swinging . Adams lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Siegrist pitching for Cardinals . Herrera singled to left . Gomez doubled to deep center , Herrera scored . Gomez stole third . Parra struck out swinging . Braun grounded out to shortstop , Gomez scored . Ramirez flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Estrada pitching for Brewers . Peralta lined out to left . Taveras walked . Bourjos popped out to second . Cruz singled to right , Taveras to second . Descalso hit for Siegrist . Descalso struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Neshek pitching for Cardinals . Lucroy struck out swinging . Overbay popped out to second . Weeks hit for Estrada . Weeks struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Gorzelanny pitching for Brewers . Carpenter hit by pitch . Wong lined out to shortstop . Holliday struck out swinging . Adams reached on infield single to second , Carpenter to second . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals . Segura doubled to deep right . Herrera grounded out to second , Segura to third . Gomez struck out swinging . Parra struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 7 - Cardinals 9 .	Wong helps Masterson win Cards debut