Cardinals - Top 1st . Eovaldi pitching for Marlins . Carpenter singled to center . Wong sacrificed to pitcher , Carpenter to second . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . Adams grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Masterson pitching for Cardinals . Yelich grounded out to shortstop . Valdespin grounded out to shortstop . Stanton grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Eovaldi pitching for Marlins . Peralta flied out to right . Pierzynski lined out to right . Taveras struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Masterson pitching for Cardinals . McGehee singled to center . Jones struck out swinging . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . Ozuna grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Eovaldi pitching for Marlins . Jay singled to left . Masterson bunt popped out foul to catcher . Carpenter singled to right , Jay to third . Wong struck out swinging . Holliday walked , Carpenter to second . Adams singled to right center , Jay and Carpenter scored , Holliday to third . Peralta grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Masterson pitching for Cardinals . Hechavarria lined out to third . Eovaldi grounded out to second . Yelich grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Eovaldi pitching for Marlins . Pierzynski lined out to right . Taveras popped out to shortstop . Jay grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Masterson pitching for Cardinals . Valdespin grounded out to first . Stanton grounded out to third . McGehee grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Eovaldi pitching for Marlins . Masterson grounded out to third . Carpenter singled to left . Wong singled to left , Carpenter to second . Holliday grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wong out at second , Carpenter to third , Carpenter scored , Holliday to second on throwing error by second baseman Valdespin . Adams struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Masterson pitching for Cardinals . Jones lined out to right . Saltalamacchia grounded out to second . Ozuna grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Eovaldi pitching for Marlins . Peralta popped out to second . Pierzynski struck out swinging . Taveras safe at first on error by second baseman Valdespin . Jay doubled to deep right , Taveras to third . Masterson singled to shallow right , Taveras scored , Jay to third . Carpenter lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Masterson pitching for Cardinals . Hechavarria singled to center . Solano hit for Eovaldi . Solano lined out to right . Yelich grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hechavarria out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Dyson pitching for Marlins . Wong grounded out to second . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . Adams lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Bourjos in center field . Jay in left field . Masterson pitching for Cardinals . Valdespin popped out to second . Stanton struck out swinging . McGehee singled to right . Jones lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Dyson pitching for Marlins . Peralta singled to left . Pierzynski reached on infield single to second , Peralta to second . Taveras grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Pierzynski out at second , Peralta to third . Jay hit by pitch , Taveras to second . Descalso hit for Masterson . Descalso walked , Peralta scored , Taveras to third , Jay to second . Carpenter lined into double play , shortstop to second , Jay doubled off second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Neshek pitching for Cardinals . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . Ozuna struck out swinging . Hechavarria grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . DeSclafani pitching for Marlins . Wong grounded out to shortstop . Bourjos struck out swinging . Adams lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Siegrist pitching for Cardinals . Johnson hit for DeSclafani . Johnson grounded out to third . Yelich singled to left . Baker hit for Valdespin . Baker homered to left center ( 401 feet ) , Yelich scored . Stanton struck out swinging . Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals . Robinson in center field . McGehee struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 5 - Marlins 2 .	Masterson pitches Cardinals past Marlins , 5 - 2