Cardinals - Top 1st . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Carpenter flied out to center . Bourjos struck out looking . Holliday struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Lackey pitching for Cardinals . Harrison doubled to left . Snider grounded out to third . McCutchen singled to left , Harrison to third . Walker grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , McCutchen out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Adams struck out swinging . Peralta safe at first on error by shortstop Mercer . Taveras flied out to center . Wong grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Peralta out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Lackey pitching for Cardinals . Martin fouled out to first . Alvarez homered to center ( 416 feet ) . Marte reached on infield single to shortstop . Mercer reached on infield single to third , Marte to second . Liriano sacrificed to pitcher , Marte to third , Mercer to second . Harrison flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Cruz grounded out to shortstop . Lackey struck out swinging . Carpenter walked . Bourjos struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Lackey pitching for Cardinals . Snider flied out to center . McCutchen singled to left center . Walker struck out swinging . Martin grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , McCutchen out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Holliday grounded out to second . Adams struck out swinging . Peralta singled to right . Taveras struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Lackey pitching for Cardinals . Alvarez singled to right . Marte struck out swinging . Alvarez caught stealing second , catcher to second . Mercer struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Wong singled to left . Cruz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wong out at second . Lackey sacrificed to catcher , Cruz to second . Carpenter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Lackey pitching for Cardinals . Liriano walked . Harrison flied out to right . Snider grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Liriano out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Bourjos grounded out to second . Holliday doubled to deep center . Adams walked . Peralta walked , Holliday to third , Adams to second . Taveras grounded into double play , third to catcher to first , Holliday out at home . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Lackey pitching for Cardinals . McCutchen flied out to center . Walker flied out to center . Martin flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Wong reached on infield single to shortstop . Hughes pitching for Pirates . Wong picked off first . Cruz singled to left center . Lackey sacrificed to pitcher , Cruz to second . Carpenter walked . Jay hit for Bourjos . Jay singled to center , Cruz scored , Carpenter to second , Carpenter to third , Jay to second on error by center fielder McCutchen . Holliday singled to left , Carpenter and Jay scored . Wilson pitching for Pirates . Adams grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Jay in center field . Lackey pitching for Cardinals . Alvarez grounded out to second . Marte grounded out to shortstop . Mercer grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Wilson pitching for Pirates . Peralta flied out to right . Taveras struck out swinging . Wong struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Neshek pitching for Cardinals . Davis hit for Wilson . Davis fouled out to shortstop . Harrison reached on infield single to shortstop . Snider grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Harrison out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 9th . Axford pitching for Pirates . Cruz grounded out to first . Robinson hit for Neshek . Robinson singled to center . Robinson caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Carpenter grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals . McCutchen homered to left ( 421 feet ) . Walker struck out swinging . Martin walked . Alvarez grounded out to pitcher , Martin to second . Marte flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 3 - Pirates 2 .	Holliday 's hit caps Cards ' rally over Pirates