Cubs - Top 1st . Gonzales pitching for Cardinals . Alcantara walked . Baez flied out to center . Castro singled to center , Alcantara to third . Soler doubled to deep left , Alcantara scored , Castro to third . Castillo popped out to second . Valbuena lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Wada pitching for Cubs . Carpenter walked . Wong lined out to shortstop . Holliday walked , Carpenter to second . Adams grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Holliday out at second , Carpenter to third , Carpenter scored on throwing error by shortstop Castro . Molina grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 2nd . Gonzales pitching for Cardinals . Valaika lined out to center . Szczur singled to right . Wada struck out looking . Alcantara fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Wada pitching for Cubs . Taveras struck out swinging . Bourjos lined out to second . Descalso popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 3rd . Gonzales pitching for Cardinals . Baez struck out swinging . Castro lined out to right . Soler safe at first on error by first baseman Adams . Castillo fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Wada pitching for Cubs . Gonzales singled to left . Carpenter flied out to left . Wong lined out to center . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 4th . Gonzales pitching for Cardinals . Valbuena hit by pitch . Valaika flied out to right . Szczur struck out looking . Wada struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Wada pitching for Cubs . Adams struck out swinging . Molina singled to right . Taveras lined out to left . Bourjos lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 5th . Gonzales pitching for Cardinals . Alcantara walked . Baez popped out to first . Alcantara caught stealing second , catcher to second . Castro flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Wada pitching for Cubs . Descalso singled to center . Gonzales sacrificed to pitcher , Descalso to second . Carpenter walked . Wong fouled out to third . Holliday homered to center ( 419 feet ) , Descalso and Carpenter scored . Adams grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 6th . Gonzales pitching for Cardinals . Soler struck out swinging . Castillo lined out to center . Valbuena flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Wada pitching for Cubs . Molina struck out looking . Taveras fouled out to third . Bourjos singled to center . Descalso grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 7th . Maness pitching for Cardinals . Valaika grounded out to second . Szczur struck out looking . Watkins hit for Wada . Watkins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Wright pitching for Cubs . Grichuk hit for Maness . Grichuk singled to left . Carpenter sacrificed to pitcher , Grichuk to second . Grichuk caught stealing third , catcher to third . Wong struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . Neshek pitching for Cardinals . Alcantara struck out swinging . Baez singled to right center . Castro flied out to center . Soler flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Fujikawa pitching for Cubs . Holliday homered to center ( 431 feet ) . Adams singled to shallow left . Adams to second on wild pitch by Fujikawa . Molina reached on infield single to second , Adams to third . Rosscup pitching for Cubs . Taveras singled to right , Adams scored , Molina to second . Bourjos walked , Molina to third , Taveras to second . Descalso singled to right center , Molina scored , Taveras to third , Bourjos to second . Peralta hit for Neshek . Peralta walked , Taveras scored , Bourjos to third , Descalso to second . Carpenter walked , Bourjos scored , Descalso to third , Peralta to second . Wong singled to shallow center , Descalso scored , Peralta to third , Carpenter to second . Villanueva pitching for Cubs . Holliday hit by pitch , Peralta scored , Carpenter to third , Wong to second . Jay ran for Holliday . Adams hit sacrifice fly to left , Carpenter scored . Molina singled to right , Wong scored , Jay to second . Taveras grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Molina out at second . 9 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 9th . Jay in left field . Greenwood pitching for Cardinals . Castillo grounded out to shortstop . Valbuena singled to center . Valaika singled to left , Valbuena to second . Szczur singled to left , Valbuena to third , Valaika to second . Coghlan hit for Villanueva . Coghlan grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Valbuena scored , Szczur out at second , Valaika to third . Alcantara grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 2 - Cardinals 13 .	Cubs , Cards split doubleheader