Cardinals - Top 1st . Leake pitching for Reds . Carpenter doubled to deep center . Jay hit by pitch . Holliday grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Jay out at second , Carpenter to third . Adams flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 1st . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Hamilton walked . Pena grounded out to first , Hamilton to second . Frazier popped out to second . Mesoraco homered to left center ( 402 feet ) , Hamilton scored . Phillips lined out to right . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Leake pitching for Reds . Peralta grounded out to third . Molina singled to right . Taveras lined out to second . Wong grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 2nd . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Ludwick struck out swinging . Heisey singled to center . Cozart lined out to left . Leake struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Leake pitching for Reds . Wacha struck out looking . Carpenter grounded out to second . Jay struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 3rd . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Hamilton flied out to center . Pena walked . Frazier singled to left , Pena to second . Mesoraco struck out swinging . Phillips lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Leake pitching for Reds . Holliday lined out to center . Adams singled to right . Peralta doubled to deep left , Adams to third . Molina hit sacrifice fly to center , Adams scored , Peralta to third . Taveras struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 4th . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Ludwick lined out to center . Heisey lined out to second . Cozart tripled to deep center . Leake doubled to deep left , Cozart scored . Hamilton popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Leake pitching for Reds . Wong grounded out to second . Wacha grounded out to shortstop . Carpenter grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 5th . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Pena walked . Frazier grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Pena safe at second on error by second baseman Wong . Mesoraco doubled to deep left , Pena scored , Frazier to third . Motte pitching for Cardinals . Phillips doubled to deep center , Frazier and Mesoraco scored . Ludwick reached on infield single to third . Heisey grounded out to second , Phillips to third , Ludwick to second . Cozart singled to right , Phillips scored , Ludwick to third . Leake grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cozart out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 6th . Leake pitching for Reds . Jay struck out looking . Holliday singled to center . Adams doubled to deep center , Holliday to third . Peralta struck out swinging . Molina struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 6th . Gonzales pitching for Cardinals . Cruz catching . Hamilton lined out to right . Pena walked . Frazier struck out swinging . Mesoraco walked , Pena to second . Phillips grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Mesoraco out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Leake pitching for Reds . Taveras doubled to deep left . Wong singled to center , Taveras to third . Diaz pitching for Reds . Santiago at second base . Cruz singled to left , Taveras scored , Wong to second . Carpenter lined out to center , Wong to third . Jay singled to center , Wong scored , Cruz to second . Holliday reached on infield single to shortstop , Cruz to third , Jay to second . Adams flied out to center . Peralta walked , Cruz scored , Jay to third , Holliday to second . Pierzynski hit for Gonzales . Pierzynski lined out to first . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 7th . Masterson pitching for Cardinals . Ludwick walked . Bourgeois ran for Ludwick . Heisey sacrificed to catcher , Bourgeois to second . Cozart walked . Siegrist pitching for Cardinals . Santiago struck out swinging . Hamilton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Parra pitching for Reds . Bourgeois in left field . Grichuk hit for Taveras . Grichuk singled to center . Wong grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Grichuk out at second . Cruz grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 8th . Bourjos in center field . Tuivailala pitching for Cardinals . Grichuk in right field . Pena singled to center . Frazier popped out to shortstop . Mesoraco walked , Pena to second . Lutz hit for Parra . Lutz struck out swinging . Bourgeois singled to right , Pena to third , Mesoraco to second . Heisey singled to right , Pena and Mesoraco scored , Bourgeois to third , Heisey to second on throwing error by right fielder Grichuk . Greenwood pitching for Cardinals . Cozart popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 9th . Hoover pitching for Reds . Garcia hit for Carpenter . Garcia grounded out to second . Bourjos safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Cozart . Pham hit for Holliday . Bourjos to second on fielder 's indifference . Pham struck out swinging . Scruggs hit for Adams . Scruggs doubled to deep right , Bourjos scored . Descalso hit for Peralta . Descalso singled to right , Scruggs to third . Bruce in right field . Chapman pitching for Reds . Ellis hit for Greenwood . Descalso to second on fielder 's indifference . Ellis struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 5 - Reds 9 .	Mesoraco homers , leads Reds over Cardinals 9 - 5