Orioles - Top 1st . Perez pitching for Rangers . Rickard doubled to center , Rickard to third on error by center fielder DeShields . Machado walked . Jones singled to left , Rickard scored , Machado to second . Davis struck out swinging . Trumbo struck out swinging . Hardy struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Richard Worley pitching for Orioles . DeShields struck out swinging . Mazara grounded out to shortstop . Fielder flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Perez pitching for Rangers . Schoop reached on infield single to shortstop . Reimold grounded into double play , third to second to first , Schoop out at second . Joseph grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Richard Worley pitching for Orioles . Beltré struck out swinging . Moreland homered to left center ( 415 feet ) . Desmond walked . Odor singled to shallow left , Desmond to second . Andrus walked , Desmond to third , Odor to second . Holaday hit by pitch , Desmond scored , Odor to third , Andrus to second . DeShields singled to center , Odor and Andrus scored , Holaday to second , Holaday to third , DeShields to second on throwing error by center fielder Jones . Mazara hit sacrifice fly to right , Holaday scored , DeShields to third . Fielder grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 3rd . Perez pitching for Rangers . Rickard singled to shallow right . Machado grounded into double play , third to second to first , Rickard out at second . Jones grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Richard Worley pitching for Orioles . Beltré flied out to right . Moreland struck out swinging . Desmond struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Perez pitching for Rangers . Davis struck out looking . Trumbo grounded out to shortstop . Hardy struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Richard Worley pitching for Orioles . Odor flied out to left . Andrus singled to right . Holaday strikes out , Andrus out at second on batter interference . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Perez pitching for Rangers . Schoop struck out swinging . Reimold singled to right . Joseph grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Reimold out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Richard Worley pitching for Orioles . DeShields struck out swinging . Mazara flied out to left . Fielder lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Perez pitching for Rangers . Rickard flied out to right . Machado grounded out to third . Jones grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Richard Worley pitching for Orioles . Beltré grounded out to third . Moreland grounded out to shortstop . Desmond grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Perez pitching for Rangers . Davis walked . Trumbo homered to center ( 432 feet ) , Davis scored . Wilhelmsen pitching for Rangers . Hardy singled to left . Schoop homered to left ( 406 feet ) , Hardy scored . Reimold homered to left ( 401 feet ) . Joseph flied out to center . Rickard flied out to right . Machado doubled to deep right center . Jones singled to center , Machado scored . Faulkner pitching for Rangers . Davis walked , Jones to second . Trumbo homered to left center ( 432 feet ) , Jones and Davis scored . Hardy lined out to third . 9 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . O'Day pitching for Orioles . Odor popped out to third . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . Holaday singled to shallow left . DeShields struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Alberto at shortstop . Faulkner pitching for Rangers . Schoop homered to left ( 413 feet ) . Reimold fouled out to first . Joseph flied out to center . Rickard grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Brach pitching for Orioles . Mazara singled to left . Fielder struck out swinging , Mazara to second on wild pitch by Brach . Beltré grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Mazara out at third . Moreland struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Rua at first base . Claudio pitching for Rangers . Machado popped out to pitcher . Jones flied out to right . Davis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Britton pitching for Orioles . Desmond struck out swinging . Odor grounded out to second . Alberto struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 11 - Rangers 5 .	Trumbo homers twice in inning , Orioles beat Rangers 11 - 5