White Sox - Top 1st . Gausman pitching for Orioles . Eaton walked . Saladino grounded into double play , third to second to first , Eaton out at second . Abreu lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Latos pitching for White Sox . Machado grounded out to second . Jones singled to center . Davis bunt grounded out to pitcher , Jones to second . Trumbo singled to right , Jones scored , Trumbo out stretching at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Gausman pitching for Orioles . Frazier grounded out to second . Cabrera struck out swinging . Lawrie grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Latos pitching for White Sox . Wieters flied out to center . Álvarez reached on infield single to third . Hardy struck out swinging . Schoop flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Gausman pitching for Orioles . Sands singled to left center . Navarro singled to right , Sands to third . Jackson struck out swinging . Eaton grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sands scored , Navarro safe at third , Eaton to second on throwing error by third baseman Machado . Saladino safe at first on error by second baseman Schoop , Navarro scored . Abreu grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Saladino out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Latos pitching for White Sox . Kim doubled to right . Machado reached on infield single to shortstop . Jones grounded into double play , third to second , Kim out at third , Machado out at second , Jones to first . Davis singled to right , Jones to second . Trumbo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Davis out at second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Gausman pitching for Orioles . Frazier grounded out to third . Cabrera popped out to first . Lawrie homered to left ( 403 feet ) . Sands singled to right . Navarro flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Latos pitching for White Sox . Wieters struck out swinging . Álvarez homered to center ( 390 feet ) . Hardy grounded out to shortstop . Schoop homered to left ( 382 feet ) . Kim singled to left . Machado singled to right , Kim to second . Jones grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Gausman pitching for Orioles . Jackson grounded out to third . Eaton flied out to center . Saladino struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Latos pitching for White Sox . Davis flied out to center . Trumbo flied out to right . Wieters walked . Álvarez doubled to deep center , Wieters scored . Hardy lined out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Gausman pitching for Orioles . Abreu grounded out to third . Frazier fouled out to first . Cabrera popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Putnam pitching for White Sox . Schoop lined out to shortstop . Kim singled to center . Kim to second on wild pitch by Putnam . Machado lined out to right . Jones doubled to deep right , Kim scored . Jones to third on runner 's fielder 's choice . Davis intentionally walked , Jones to third on throwing error by catcher Navarro . Trumbo struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 7th . Givens pitching for Orioles . Lawrie walked . Lawrie stole second . Sands struck out swinging . Navarro struck out swinging . Jackson singled to right , Lawrie scored . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Eaton grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Jennings pitching for White Sox . Wieters struck out swinging . Álvarez struck out swinging . Albers pitching for White Sox . Hardy lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Rickard in right field . O'Day pitching for Orioles . Sánchez hit for Saladino . Sánchez doubled to deep right . Abreu singled to right , Sánchez scored . Frazier homered to center ( 420 feet ) , Abreu scored . Cabrera grounded out to first . Lawrie struck out looking . Sands grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Sánchez at shortstop . Albers pitching for White Sox . Schoop walked . Kim grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Schoop out at second . Machado safe at first on error by first baseman Abreu . Jones hit by pitch , Machado to second . Duke pitching for White Sox . Davis doubled to deep center , Machado and Jones scored . Jones pitching for White Sox . Rickard flied out to right . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 9th . Britton pitching for Orioles . Navarro struck out swinging . Jackson struck out looking . Eaton reached on bunt single to pitcher . Worley pitching for Orioles . Sánchez walked , Eaton to second . Abreu singled to right , Eaton scored , Sánchez to third . Frazier walked , Abreu to second . Cabrera grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Jones pitching for White Sox . Wieters lined out to right . Álvarez flied out to left . Hardy struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 8 - Orioles 7 .	Abreu leads White Sox past Orioles 8 - 7