Red Sox - Top 1st . Wright Jr. pitching for Orioles . Betts homered to right center ( 395 feet ) . Pedroia singled to right . Bogaerts struck out swinging . Ortiz struck out swinging . Ramírez lined out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Kelly pitching for Red Sox . Jones singled to left . Kim singled to right , Jones to second . Machado flied out to left , Jones to third , Kim to second . Davis walked . Trumbo singled to right , Jones and Kim scored , Davis to third . Wieters hit sacrifice fly to left , Davis scored . Álvarez doubled to deep center , Trumbo scored . Schoop struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Wright Jr. pitching for Orioles . Shaw doubled to deep right . Swihart grounded out to first , Shaw to third . Young homered to left ( 380 feet ) , Shaw scored . Hanigan lined out to first . Betts homered to left center ( 370 feet ) . Pedroia flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Kelly pitching for Red Sox . Flaherty walked . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Flaherty out at second . Kim hit ground rule double to deep center , Jones to third . Machado hit sacrifice fly to center , Jones scored , Kim to third . Davis walked . Trumbo grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Wright Jr. pitching for Orioles . Bogaerts grounded out to third . Ortiz homered to right ( 408 feet ) . Ramírez popped out to third . Shaw singled to left . Worley pitching for Orioles . Swihart walked , Shaw to second . Young walked , Shaw to third , Swihart to second . Hanigan singled to center , Shaw and Swihart scored , Young to second . Betts walked , Young to third , Hanigan to second . Pedroia grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Kelly pitching for Red Sox . Wieters bunt grounded out to catcher . Álvarez singled to center . Schoop doubled to deep center , Álvarez scored . Layne pitching for Red Sox . Flaherty singled to center , Schoop scored . Jones flied out to center . Kim walked , Flaherty to second . Machado singled to left , Flaherty scored , Kim to second . Davis fouled out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Richard Worley pitching for Orioles . Bogaerts popped out to shortstop . Ortiz singled to deep right , Ortiz out stretching at second . Ramírez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Trumbo flied out to center . Wieters walked . Álvarez fouled out to shortstop . Schoop flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Richard Worley pitching for Orioles . Shaw grounded out to second . Swihart grounded out to second . Young flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Flaherty struck out swinging . Jones doubled to deep right . Kim flied out to center , Jones to third . Machado popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Richard Worley pitching for Orioles . Hanigan reached on infield single to shortstop , Hanigan to second on throwing error by shortstop Machado . Betts grounded out to shortstop . Pedroia singled to deep right center , Hanigan scored . Brach pitching for Orioles . Pedroia to second on wild pitch by Brach . Bogaerts singled to center , Pedroia to third . Ortiz grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bogaerts out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Davis walked . Trumbo walked , Davis to second . Wieters grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Davis scored , Trumbo to second . Álvarez singled to right , Trumbo to third , Wieters to second . Schoop grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Trumbo out at home , Wieters to third , Álvarez to second . Flaherty grounded out to second , Wieters scored , Álvarez to third , Schoop to second . Jones flied out to right . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 7th . Brach pitching for Orioles . Ramírez flied out to right . Shaw grounded out to first . Swihart struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Kim singled to right . Machado lined out to center . Davis walked , Kim to second . Barnes pitching for Red Sox . Trumbo walked , Kim to third , Davis to second . Rickard ran for Trumbo . Wieters singled to center , Kim and Davis scored , Rickard to third . Álvarez struck out swinging . Schoop singled to center , Rickard scored , Wieters to second . Wieters to third , Schoop to second on wild pitch by Barnes . Flaherty grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Rickard in right field . O'Day pitching for Orioles . Young homered to left ( 372 feet ) . Hanigan grounded out to first . Betts walked . Pedroia singled to right , Betts to second . Bogaerts struck out looking . Britton pitching for Orioles . Ortiz walked , Betts to third , Pedroia to second . Castillo ran for Ortiz . Ramírez grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Barnes pitching for Red Sox . Jones struck out swinging . Kim grounded out to shortstop . Machado grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Reimold in left field . Britton pitching for Orioles . Shaw struck out looking . Swihart grounded out to shortstop . Young hit ground rule double to deep center . Hanigan grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 9 - Orioles 13 .	Orioles overcome 5 homers by Red Sox in 13 - 9 victory