Angels - Top 1st . Jimenez pitching for Orioles . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Calhoun walked . Trout singled to right , Calhoun to third . Pujols singled to deep right , Calhoun scored , Trout to third . Pujols to second on wild pitch by Jiménez . Cron grounded out to third , Trout scored , Pujols to third . Nava flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Shoemaker pitching for Angels . Jones homered to center ( 431 feet ) . Kim lined out to left . Machado flied out to left . Davis struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Jimenez pitching for Orioles . Giavotella walked . Bandy flied out to left . Simmons singled to right , Giavotella to second . Escobar singled to center , Giavotella scored , Simmons to third . Calhoun singled to right , Simmons scored , Escobar to third . Wright pitching for Orioles . Trout hit sacrifice fly to center , Escobar scored . Pujols struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Shoemaker pitching for Angels . Trumbo walked . Wieters popped out to second . Schoop fouled out to catcher . Álvarez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Wright Jr. pitching for Orioles . Cron hit by pitch . Nava walked , Cron to second . Giavotella hit by pitch , Cron to third , Nava to second . Bandy singled to center , Cron scored , Nava to third , Giavotella to second . Simmons fouled out to catcher . Escobar grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Nava out at home . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Shoemaker pitching for Angels . Hardy safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Escobar . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hardy out at second . Kim bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Jones out at second . Machado reached on infield single to second , Kim to second , Kim to third on throwing error by second baseman Giavotella . Davis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Wright Jr. pitching for Orioles . Calhoun singled to center . Trout grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Calhoun safe at second on error by shortstop Hardy . Pujols grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Calhoun to third , Trout safe at second on error by shortstop Hardy . Cron grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Calhoun scored , Pujols out at second , Trout to third . Nava hit sacrifice fly to center , Trout scored . Giavotella flied out to left . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Shoemaker pitching for Angels . Trumbo struck out swinging . Wieters lined out to left . Schoop homered to left ( 411 feet ) . Álvarez grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Wright Jr. pitching for Orioles . Bandy grounded out to third . Simmons struck out swinging . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Shoemaker pitching for Angels . Hardy grounded out to shortstop . Jones struck out swinging . Kim flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Wright Jr. pitching for Orioles . Calhoun lined out to left . Trout walked . Pujols lined out to left . Cron hit by pitch , Trout to second . Nava singled to left , Trout scored , Cron to second . Marte ran for Cron . Giavotella grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Marte at first base . Shoemaker pitching for Angels . Machado singled to right center . Davis walked , Machado to second . Trumbo singled to left center , Machado scored , Davis to second . Bedrosian pitching for Angels . Wieters struck out swinging . Schoop hit by pitch , Davis to third , Trumbo to second . Álvarez struck out swinging . Hardy struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Roe pitching for Orioles . Bandy popped out to second . Simmons lined out to center . Escobar grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Ramírez pitching for Angels . Jones grounded out to shortstop . Kim singled to center . Machado walked , Kim to second . Davis flied out to center . Trumbo flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Roe pitching for Orioles . Calhoun popped out to third . Trout reached on infield single to shortstop . Pujols struck out swinging . Marte flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Guerra pitching for Angels . Wieters fouled out to third . Schoop singled to left . Álvarez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Schoop out at second . Hardy singled to left , Álvarez to second . Jones flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Despaigne pitching for Orioles . Nava lined out to left . Giavotella singled to right . Bandy grounded into double play , third to second to first , Giavotella out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Cunningham in left field . Guerra pitching for Angels . Kim grounded out to first . Machado grounded out to shortstop . Davis walked . Trumbo homered to left ( 368 feet ) , Davis scored . Wieters flied out to center . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 9 - Orioles 5 .	Angels cruise past Orioles 9 - 5 for 4th straight win