Astros - Top 1st . Gray pitching for Athletics . Altuve flied out to right . Fowler grounded out to second . Castro doubled to deep right center . Springer safe at first on error by shortstop Lowrie , Castro to third . Krauss grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Cosart pitching for Astros . Crisp walked . Lowrie grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Crisp out at second . Lowrie to second on wild pitch by Cosart . Donaldson walked . Moss walked , Lowrie to third , Donaldson to second . Cespedes singled to right center , Lowrie and Donaldson scored , Moss to third . Callaspo homered to right ( 381 feet ) , Moss and Cespedes scored . Jaso walked . Reddick homered to right ( 407 feet ) , Jaso scored . Clemens pitching for Astros . Sogard walked . Crisp lined out to second . Lowrie bunt grounded out to pitcher . 7 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Gray pitching for Athletics . Carter popped out to first . Hoes singled to right center . Dominguez struck out swinging . Villar grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Arthur Clemens pitching for Astros . Donaldson lined out to center . Moss grounded out to second . Cespedes homered to left ( 379 feet ) . Callaspo grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Gray pitching for Athletics . Altuve singled to center . Fowler grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Altuve out at second . Castro walked , Fowler to second . Springer grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Castro out at second , Fowler to third . Springer stole second . Krauss struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Arthur Clemens pitching for Astros . Jaso struck out looking . Reddick reached on infield single to shortstop . Sogard grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Reddick out at second . Crisp singled to right , Sogard to second . Lowrie flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Gray pitching for Athletics . Carter struck out swinging . Hoes grounded out to pitcher . Dominguez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Arthur Clemens pitching for Astros . Donaldson grounded out to third . Moss popped out to shortstop . Cespedes walked . Callaspo grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Gray pitching for Athletics . Villar singled to left . Altuve singled to center , Villar to second . Fowler singled to right center , Villar scored , Altuve to second . Castro struck out looking . Springer singled to center , Altuve scored , Fowler to third , Springer to second on error by center fielder Crisp . Krauss walked . Carter hit sacrifice fly to right , Fowler scored , Springer to third . Hoes grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Arthur Clemens pitching for Astros . Jaso singled to right center . Reddick grounded out to shortstop , Jaso to second . Sogard grounded out to second , Jaso to third . Crisp homered to right ( 401 feet ) , Jaso scored . Albers pitching for Astros . Lowrie flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Gray pitching for Athletics . Dominguez flied out to right . Villar singled to center . Altuve grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Villar out at second . Fowler singled to right , Altuve to second . Castro grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Albers pitching for Astros . Donaldson flied out to center . Moss walked . Cespedes singled to center , Moss to second . Callaspo grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cespedes out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Abad pitching for Athletics . Springer singled to left . Guzman hit for Krauss . Guzman flied out to right . Guzman hit for Krauss . Guzman flied out to right . Carter struck out swinging . Hoes grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Guzman at first base . Valdes pitching for Astros . Jaso walked . Reddick singled to right , Jaso to second . Sogard struck out swinging . Gentry hit for Crisp . Gentry walked , Jaso to third , Reddick to second . Lowrie fouled out to third . Fields pitching for Astros . Donaldson walked , Jaso scored , Reddick to third , Gentry to second . Moss popped out to catcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Gentry in center field . Abad pitching for Athletics . Dominguez grounded out to second . Villar struck out swinging . Altuve lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Fields pitching for Astros . Cespedes struck out swinging . Callaspo grounded out to second . Jaso fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Cook pitching for Athletics . Fowler walked . Castro struck out swinging . Springer struck out swinging . Guzman walked , Fowler to second . Carter struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 3 - Athletics 11 .	A 's come out swinging to beat Astros 11 - 3