Rangers - Top 1st . Milone pitching for Athletics . Choice walked . Andrus singled to center , Choice to second . Rios grounded out to first , Choice to third , Andrus to second . Fielder popped out to shortstop . Kouzmanoff intentionally walked . Murphy reached on infield single to third , Choice scored , Andrus to third , Kouzmanoff to second . Chirinos walked , Andrus scored , Kouzmanoff to third , Murphy to second . Martin fouled out to catcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Martinez pitching for Rangers . Crisp grounded out to second . Lowrie doubled to deep right center . Donaldson singled to center , Lowrie scored , Donaldson to second advancing on throw . Moss grounded out to third , Donaldson to third . Cespedes doubled to left , Donaldson scored . Callaspo lined out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Milone pitching for Athletics . Wilson flied out to left . Choice walked . Andrus grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Choice out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Martinez pitching for Rangers . Jaso walked . Reddick singled to right , Jaso to second . Sogard sacrificed to third , Jaso to third , Reddick to second . Crisp walked . Lowrie flied out to center , Jaso out at home . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Milone pitching for Athletics . Rios singled to left . Fielder singled to center , Rios to third . Kouzmanoff grounded into double play , third to second to first , Rios scored , Fielder out at second . Murphy singled to center . Chirinos struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Martinez pitching for Rangers . Donaldson flied out to right . Moss flied out to left . Cespedes grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Milone pitching for Athletics . Martin grounded out to second . Wilson flied out to center . Choice grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Sardinas at second base . Wilson at third base . Martinez pitching for Rangers . Callaspo lined out to right . Jaso singled to right . Reddick safe at second on error by third baseman Wilson , Jaso to third . Sogard hit sacrifice fly to center , Jaso scored . Crisp doubled to right center , Reddick scored . Lowrie flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 5th . Milone pitching for Athletics . Andrus grounded out to third . Rios popped out to second . Fielder flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Martinez pitching for Rangers . Donaldson fouled out to first . Moss struck out swinging . Cespedes walked . Callaspo flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Milone pitching for Athletics . Sardinas hit by pitch . Murphy grounded out to third , Sardinas to second . Chirinos flied out to center , Sardinas to third . Martin flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Poreda pitching for Rangers . Norris hit for Jaso . Norris doubled to deep left . Reddick singled to left . Sogard bunted into fielder 's choice to third , Norris out at third , Reddick to second . Crisp grounded into double play , third to second to first , Sogard out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Norris catching . Cook pitching for Athletics . Wilson singled to right . Choice grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Wilson out at second . Andrus grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Tolleson pitching for Rangers . Lowrie grounded out to shortstop . Donaldson popped out to second . Moss flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Cook pitching for Athletics . Rios flied out to center . Abad pitching for Athletics . Fielder grounded out to second . Sardinas grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Tolleson pitching for Rangers . Cespedes struck out looking . Callaspo singled to center . Norris flied out to right . Figueroa pitching for Rangers . Reddick hit by pitch , Callaspo to second . Ogando pitching for Rangers . Sogard flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Barton at first base . Gregerson pitching for Athletics . Moreland hit for Murphy . Moreland doubled to deep right . Chirinos sacrificed to first , Moreland to third . Martin bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Moreland out at home . Martin stole second . Wilson doubled to deep left , Martin scored . Choice singled to center , Wilson scored . Andrus grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Soria pitching for Rangers . Crisp struck out swinging . Lowrie flied out to left . Donaldson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 5 - Athletics 4 .	Rangers rally for two runs in ninth to beat A 's