Athletics - Top 1st . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Crisp doubled to deep left center . Crisp stole third . Norris reached on infield single to pitcher . Lowrie singled to left , Crisp scored , Norris to third . Donaldson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Norris scored , Lowrie out at second . Callaspo walked . Reddick singled to right , Callaspo to third . Gentry grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Reddick out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Straily pitching for Athletics . Altuve grounded out to third . Fowler homered to right ( 413 feet ) . Castro struck out swinging . Springer grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Moss grounded out to shortstop . Punto lined out to first . Crisp grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Straily pitching for Athletics . Krauss walked . Carter homered to left ( 390 feet ) , Krauss scored . Presley flied out to center . Dominguez grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez flied out to center . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Norris doubled to shallow left . Lowrie grounded out to pitcher . Donaldson grounded out to pitcher . Callaspo grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Straily pitching for Athletics . Altuve grounded out to second . Fowler lined out to center . Castro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Reddick struck out swinging . Gentry struck out looking . Moss grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Straily pitching for Athletics . Springer doubled to deep left center . Krauss flies into double play to right , Springer tagged out at third . Carter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Punto grounded out to shortstop . Crisp grounded out to third . Norris struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Straily pitching for Athletics . Presley singled to center . Dominguez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Presley out at second . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Altuve grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Lowrie struck out looking . Donaldson grounded out to shortstop . Callaspo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Straily pitching for Athletics . Fowler struck out swinging . Castro struck out swinging . Springer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Reddick struck out swinging . Gentry walked . Moss singled to center , Gentry to second . Williams pitching for Astros . Punto singled to left , Gentry to third , Moss to second . Crisp hit sacrifice fly to left , Gentry scored . Jaso hit for Norris . Jaso struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Jaso catching . Straily pitching for Athletics . Krauss flied out to right . Carter walked . Cook pitching for Athletics . Carter to second on passed ball by Jaso . Presley grounded out to second , Carter to third . Dominguez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Williams pitching for Astros . Lowrie grounded out to first . Donaldson singled to right center . Callaspo grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Donaldson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Doolittle pitching for Athletics . Barton at first base . Gonzalez singled to center . Altuve singled to right , Gonzalez to third . Fowler singled to left , Gonzalez scored , Altuve to second . Castro singled to right , Altuve scored , Fowler to third . Gregerson pitching for Athletics . Springer grounded out to shortstop , Fowler scored , Castro to second . Castro to third on wild pitch by Gregerson . Krauss grounded out to third , Castro scored . Carter struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Guzman at first base . Williams pitching for Astros . Reddick singled to right . Gentry walked , Reddick to second . Moss homered to right ( 388 feet ) , Reddick and Gentry scored . Punto singled to right . Crisp grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Punto out at second . Valdes pitching for Astros . Jaso struck out swinging . Lowrie struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 6 - Astros 7 .	Astros hold on for 7 - 6 victory over Athletics