Athletics - Top 1st . Danks pitching for White Sox . Crisp grounded out to shortstop . Gentry walked . Donaldson grounded out to first , Gentry to second . Gomes reached on infield single to second , Gentry to third . Norris grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Lester pitching for Athletics . Eaton grounded out to pitcher . Ramirez struck out swinging . Abreu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Lowrie bunt grounded out to pitcher . Freiman popped out to shortstop . Callaspo fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Lester pitching for Athletics . Garcia singled to center . Viciedo popped out to shortstop . Flowers struck out looking . Semien grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Fuld struck out swinging . Crisp grounded out to shortstop . Gentry flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Lester pitching for Athletics . Taylor singled to left . Sanchez struck out looking . Eaton grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Taylor out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Donaldson reached on infield single to shortstop . Gomes doubled to deep left , Donaldson to third . Norris grounded out to third , Donaldson scored , Gomes to third . Lowrie grounded out to third . Freiman safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Semien , Gomes scored . Callaspo hit ground rule double to deep left , Freiman to third . Fuld grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Lester pitching for Athletics . Ramirez flied out to right . Abreu walked . Garcia reached on infield single to second , Abreu to second . Viciedo fouled out to catcher . Flowers grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Abreu out at third , Garcia to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Crisp safe at first on error by third baseman Semien . Gentry reached on bunt single to pitcher , Crisp to second , Crisp to third on throwing error by pitcher John Danks . Reddick ran for Gentry . Donaldson doubled to deep center , Crisp and Reddick scored . Gomes struck out swinging . Norris singled to right , Donaldson to third . Lowrie struck out swinging . Freiman flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Reddick in right field . Fuld in center field . Lester pitching for Athletics . Semien flied out to right . Taylor flied out to center . Sanchez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Callaspo flied out to left . Fuld lined out to shortstop . Crisp grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Lester pitching for Athletics . Eaton reached on infield single to shortstop . Ramirez fouled out to first . Abreu flied out to right . Garcia grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Cleto pitching for White Sox . Reddick flied out to center . Donaldson singled to right . Moss hit for Gomes . Moss struck out swinging . Norris singled to left , Donaldson to second . Lowrie singled to left , Donaldson scored , Norris to second . Freiman grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Norris out at third , Lowrie to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Moss in left field . Lester pitching for Athletics . Viciedo homered to left center ( 394 feet ) . Flowers struck out looking . Semien struck out looking . Taylor walked . Sanchez doubled to deep right , Taylor scored , Sanchez out stretching at third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Lindstrom pitching for White Sox . Callaspo lined out to second . Fuld doubled to deep center . Crisp reached on infield single to first , Fuld to third . Reddick grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Fuld scored , Crisp out at second . Donaldson singled to right , Reddick to second . Moss grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Sogard at second base . Lester pitching for Athletics . Eaton hit by pitch . Ramirez flied out to left . Abreu reached on infield single to shortstop , Eaton to second . Garcia grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Abreu out at second , Eaton to third . Viciedo struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Snodgress pitching for White Sox . Norris singled to center . Lowrie safe at first on error by third baseman Semien , Norris to second . Freiman singled to left , Norris to third , Lowrie to second . Sogard singled to shallow left , Norris scored , Lowrie to third , Freiman to second . Fuld reached on infield single to shortstop , Lowrie and Freiman scored , Sogard to second . Crisp lined out to second . Reddick flied out to right . Sogard to third , Fuld to second on wild pitch by Snodgress . Donaldson singled to center , Sogard and Fuld scored . Moss struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Scribner pitching for Athletics . Garcia hit for Flowers . Garcia grounded out to second . Jor Danks hit for Semien . Jor Danks struck out swinging . Wilkins hit for Taylor . Wilkins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 11 - White Sox 2 .	Donaldson , A 's wake up