Yankees - Top 1st . Fister pitching for Rangers . Gardner fouled out to third . Judge safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Profar . Gregorius homered to right ( 356 feet ) , Judge scored . Stanton reached on infield single to shortstop . Hicks singled to right , Stanton to second . Walker flied out to left . Andújar reached on infield single to second , Stanton to third , Hicks to second . Romine walked , Stanton scored , Hicks to third , Andújar to second . Torres grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . DeShields struck out looking . Choo walked . Kiner - Falefa lined out to shortstop . Choo stole second . Mazara flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Fister pitching for Rangers . Gardner grounded out to second . Judge singled to left . Gregorius grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Judge safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Odor . Stanton popped out to second . Hicks grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Profar popped out to third . Odor grounded out to first . Rua grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Fister pitching for Rangers . Walker homered to center ( 436 feet ) . Andújar struck out swinging . Romine struck out looking . Torres grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Guzman grounded out to first . Pérez popped out to first . DeShields lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Fister pitching for Rangers . Gardner doubled to deep right . Judge grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gardner out at third . Gregorius flied out to center . Stanton flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Choo singled to center . Kiner - Falefa lined out to left . Mazara homered to right center ( 404 feet ) , Choo scored . Profar walked . Odor flied out to center . Rua walked , Profar to second . Guzman homered to right ( 360 feet ) , Profar and Rua scored . Pérez grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Fister pitching for Rangers . Hicks flied out to right . Walker singled to right center . Andújar doubled to left , Walker to third . Romine singled to right , Walker scored , Andújar to third . Torres homered to left ( 401 feet ) , Andújar and Romine scored . Barnette pitching for Rangers . Gardner doubled to right center . Judge homered to center ( 471 feet ) , Gardner scored . Gregorius flied out to right . Stanton struck out looking . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . DeShields flied out to left . Choo singled to center . Kiner - Falefa tripled to right , Choo scored . Mazara reached on infield single to shortstop , Kiner - Falefa scored . Holder pitching for Yankees . Profar singled to right , Mazara to third . Odor struck out swinging . Rua grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Claudio pitching for Rangers . Hicks singled to left . Walker flied out to left . Andújar struck out swinging . Romine struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Shreve pitching for Yankees . Guzman singled to right . Pérez struck out swinging . DeShields singled to left , Guzman to second . Robertson pitching for Yankees . Choo walked , Guzman to third , DeShields to second . Kiner - Falefa walked , Guzman scored , DeShields to third , Choo to second . Mazara struck out swinging . Profar doubled to deep right center , DeShields , Choo and Kiner - Falefa scored . Odor struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Claudio pitching for Rangers . Torres struck out swinging . Gardner grounded out to first . Leclerc pitching for Rangers . Judge popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Betances pitching for Yankees . Rua struck out looking . Guzman flied out to right . Pérez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Martin pitching for Rangers . Gregorius grounded out to second . Stanton hit by pitch . Stanton to second on wild pitch by Martin . Hicks flied out to left . Walker flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Betances pitching for Yankees . DeShields struck out swinging , DeShields safe at first on wild pitch by Betances . Choo struck out swinging . DeShields stole third . Kiner - Falefa singled to right , DeShields scored . Kiner - Falefa stole second . Mazara grounded out to shortstop , Kiner - Falefa to third . Profar grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 9th . Kela pitching for Rangers . Andújar struck out swinging . Sánchez hit for Romine . Sánchez struck out looking . Torres struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 10 - Rangers 12 .	Profar 3 - run double trumps 4 Yankees HRs in 12 - 10 Texas win