Yankees - Top 1st . Richards pitching for Marlins . Gardner flied out to left . Stanton walked . Hicks struck out swinging . Andújar grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Lynn pitching for Yankees . Ortega struck out looking . Realmuto struck out swinging . Anderson safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Lynn . Castro grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 2nd . Richards pitching for Marlins . Walker fouled out to second . Torres flied out to center . Bird struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Lynn pitching for Yankees . Dietrich flied out to left . Dean singled to right . Rojas struck out swinging . Sierra struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Richards pitching for Marlins . Romine struck out swinging . Lynn struck out looking . Gardner popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Lynn pitching for Yankees . Richards struck out swinging . Ortega walked . Realmuto grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ortega out at second . Anderson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Richards pitching for Marlins . Stanton struck out swinging . Hicks walked . Andújar struck out swinging . Walker doubled to deep right , Hicks scored . Torres struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Lynn pitching for Yankees . Castro flied out to right . Dietrich doubled to deep left . Dean singled to right center , Dietrich to third . Rojas fouled out to second . Sierra struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Richards pitching for Marlins . Bird grounded out to pitcher . Romine grounded out to third . Lynn struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Lynn pitching for Yankees . Richards grounded out to first . Ortega singled to right . Realmuto grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ortega out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Richards pitching for Marlins . Gardner singled to deep left . Stanton struck out swinging , Gardner stole second . Hicks singled to right , Gardner to third , Hicks to second advancing on throw . Andújar intentionally walked . García pitching for Marlins . Walker hit sacrifice fly to center , Gardner scored , Hicks to third . Torres flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Lynn pitching for Yankees . Anderson singled to center . Castro reached on infield single to third , Anderson to second . Dietrich grounded out to first , Anderson to third , Castro to second . Dean reached on infield single to shortstop , Anderson scored . Rojas homered to left ( 372 feet ) , Castro and Dean scored . Sierra reached on infield single to first . Kahnle pitching for Yankees . Rivera hit for García . Rivera doubled to deep right , Sierra scored . Ortega struck out swinging . Realmuto struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Conley pitching for Marlins . Bird grounded out to first . Romine struck out swinging . Voit hit for Kahnle . Voit singled to left . Gardner walked , Voit to second . Guerrero pitching for Marlins . Voit to third , Gardner to second on wild pitch by Guerrero . Stanton reached on infield single to third , Voit scored , Gardner to third . Hicks struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Adams pitching for Yankees . Anderson walked . Castro walked , Anderson to second , Anderson to third on throwing error by catcher Romine . Dietrich grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Anderson scored , Castro out at second . Dean grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Dietrich safe at second on error by shortstop Torres . Rojas grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Dean out at second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Guerrero pitching for Marlins . Andújar grounded out to second . Walker flied out to left . Torres fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Adams pitching for Yankees . Sierra singled to center . Riddle hit for Guerrero . Riddle homered to right ( 380 feet ) , Sierra scored . Ortega grounded out to first . Realmuto walked . Anderson singled to right , Realmuto to second . Castro singled to right center , Realmuto scored , Anderson to second . Dietrich flied out to right , Anderson to third . Cole pitching for Yankees . Dean flied out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Galloway in right field . Rojas at first base . Riddle at shortstop . Guerra pitching for Marlins . Bird grounded out to second . Romine singled to right . Torreyes hit for Cole . Torreyes singled to right , Romine to second . Gardner grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Torreyes out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 3 - Marlins 9 .	5 - run 6th against Lynn helps Marlins beat Yankees 9 - 3