Tigers - Top 1st . Happ pitching for Yankees . Candelario homered to left ( 395 feet ) . Mahtook fouled out to catcher . Castellanos struck out looking . Martínez grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Liriano pitching for Tigers . Hicks grounded out to pitcher . Stanton grounded out to shortstop . Andújar grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Happ pitching for Yankees . Goodrum singled to shallow right center . Rodríguez grounded into fielder 's choice to left , Goodrum safe at second on error by shortstop Torres . McCann struck out swinging . Jones flied out to right , Goodrum to third . Lugo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rodríguez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Liriano pitching for Tigers . Voit grounded out to third . Torres struck out swinging . Walker singled to left center . Higashioka lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Happ pitching for Yankees . Candelario grounded out to shortstop . Mahtook grounded out to shortstop . Castellanos grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Liriano pitching for Tigers . Robinson grounded out to second . Gardner singled to center . Hicks singled to right , Gardner thrown out at third . Stanton homered to right ( 387 feet ) , Hicks scored . Andújar struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Happ pitching for Yankees . Martínez grounded out to third . Goodrum singled to shallow center . Goodrum stole second . Goodrum to third on wild pitch by Happ . Rodríguez homered to left center ( 400 feet ) , Goodrum scored . McCann singled to center . Jones doubled to left , McCann to third . Lugo grounded out to second . Candelario struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Liriano pitching for Tigers . Voit singled to center . Torres homered to center ( 398 feet ) , Voit scored . Walker walked . Higashioka fouled out to first . Robinson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Walker out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Happ pitching for Yankees . Mahtook grounded out to second . Castellanos reached on infield single to second . Martínez homered to right center ( 372 feet ) , Castellanos scored . Goodrum singled to right . Rodríguez singled to left , Goodrum to second . Green pitching for Yankees . McCann struck out swinging . Jones struck out looking . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Liriano pitching for Tigers . Gardner lined out to left . Hicks singled to center . Stanton walked , Hicks to second . VerHagen pitching for Tigers . Andújar reached on infield single to third , Hicks to third , Stanton to second , Hicks scored on throwing error by third baseman Candelario . Voit grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Andújar out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 6th . Green pitching for Yankees . Lugo doubled to left . Candelario popped out to third . Mahtook struck out swinging . Castellanos flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . VerHagen pitching for Tigers . Torres singled to right center . Walker flied out to left . Higashioka walked , Torres to second . Robinson struck out swinging . Stumpf pitching for Tigers . Torres to third , Higashioka to second on wild pitch by Stumpf . Gardner struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Robertson pitching for Yankees . Martínez struck out swinging . Goodrum struck out swinging . Rodríguez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Alcántara pitching for Tigers . Hicks flied out to right . Stanton doubled to left . Andújar struck out swinging . Voit homered to center ( 422 feet ) , Stanton scored . Torres singled to left , Torres out stretching at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Britton pitching for Yankees . McCann grounded out to shortstop . Jones grounded out to pitcher . Lugo struck out swinging , Lugo safe at first on wild pitch by Britton . Candelario grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lugo out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Wilson pitching for Tigers . Walker grounded out to first . Higashioka struck out swinging . Robinson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Betances pitching for Yankees . Mahtook struck out swinging . Castellanos walked . Martínez homered to right ( 339 feet ) , Castellanos scored . Goodrum homered to right ( 397 feet ) . Rodríguez struck out swinging . McCann struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 9th . Greene pitching for Tigers . Gardner popped out to shortstop . Hicks struck out looking . Stanton lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 8 - Yankees 7 .	Martinez , Goodrum homer in 9th , Tigers overtake Yankees 8 - 7