Devil Rays - Top 1st . Fossum pitching for Red Sox . Crawford grounded out to shortstop . Rolls struck out looking . Baldelli singled to right center . Huff hit by pitch , Baldelli to second . Easley popped out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Bierbrodt pitching for Devil Rays . Damon doubled to left . Mueller walked . Garciaparra grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Mueller out at second , Damon to third . Ramirez singled to center , Damon scored . Millar flied out to right . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Fossum pitching for Red Sox . Grieve singled to left . Hall grounded into double play , second to first , Grieve out at second . Shumpert homered to left . Ordonez flied out to right . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Bierbrodt pitching for Devil Rays . Hillenbrand struck out swinging . Giambi struck out looking . Nixon doubled to deep left . Mirabelli grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . Fossum pitching for Red Sox . Crawford struck out swinging . Rolls struck out swinging . Baldelli grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Bierbrodt pitching for Devil Rays . Damon homered to right . Mueller singled to left . Garciaparra flied out to center . Ramirez flied out to right . Millar grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Mueller out at second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 4th . Fossum pitching for Red Sox . Huff grounded out to shortstop . Easley grounded out to third . Grieve singled to right . Grieve to second on wild pitch by Fossum . Hall flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Bierbrodt pitching for Devil Rays . Hillenbrand doubled to right center . Giambi doubled to right , Hillenbrand scored . Nixon flied out to deep left , Giambi to third . Mirabelli grounded out to shortstop . Damon grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 5th . Fossum pitching for Red Sox . Shumpert grounded out to shortstop . Ordonez popped out to third . Crawford fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Bierbrodt pitching for Devil Rays . Mueller flied out to right . Garciaparra reached on infield single to shortstop . Ramirez flied out to center . Millar singled to center , Garciaparra to second . Hillenbrand singled to left , Garciaparra scored , Millar to second , Millar to third advancing on throw . Venafro pitching for Devil Rays . Giambi singled to right center , Millar scored , Hillenbrand to third . Nixon grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Giambi out at second . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Fossum pitching for Red Sox . Rolls struck out swinging . Baldelli doubled to left center . Baldelli caught stealing third , catcher to third . Huff doubled to deep left . Colome pitching for Devil Rays . Easley grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Colome pitching for Devil Rays . Mirabelli flied out to right . Damon struck out swinging . Mueller doubled to left . Garciaparra flied out to right center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Fossum pitching for Red Sox . Grieve grounded out to first . Hall grounded out to second . Shumpert flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Colome pitching for Devil Rays . Ramirez grounded out to first . Millar fouled out to catcher . Hillenbrand singled to center . Hillenbrand to second on wild pitch by Colome . Jackson at second base . Hillenbrand at first base . Mendoza pitching for Red Sox . Mueller at third base . Giambi flied out to right center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Mendoza pitching for Red Sox . Ordonez singled to right . Crawford singled to right , Ordonez to third . Ordonez scored , Crawford to second on wild pitch by Mendoza . Rolls singled to right , Crawford to third . Baldelli singled to right , Crawford scored , Rolls to second . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Anderson hit for Easley . Huff grounded out to second , Rolls to third , Baldelli to second . Anderson singled to right , Rolls and Baldelli scored . Grieve flied out to right . Anderson at second base . Levine pitching for Devil Rays . Shumpert at third base . Hall grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Ortiz hit for Mirabelli . Levine pitching for Devil Rays . Nixon flied out to shallow left . Ortiz flied out to center . Varitek catching . Damon flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Shumpert grounded out to shortstop . Ordonez flied out to right . Crawford flied out to shallow center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Levine pitching for Devil Rays . Mueller walked . Garciaparra singled to left center , Mueller to second . Ramirez flied out to deep right center , Mueller to third . Walker hit for Jackson . Seay pitching for Devil Rays . Walker walked , Garciaparra to second . Harper pitching for Devil Rays . Hillenbrand singled to center , Mueller scored , Garciaparra to third , Walker to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 5 - Red Sox 6 .	Hillenbrand rescues woeful BoSox bullpen with late hit