Twins - Top 1st . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Mohr lined out to left . Guzman struck out swinging . Koskie singled to right . Koskie caught stealing second , catcher to second . LeCroy batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Rogers pitching for Twins . Damon grounded out to first . Mueller lined out to right . Garciaparra doubled to right center . Garciaparra to third on wild pitch by Rogers . Ramirez singled to deep left , Garciaparra scored . Ortiz doubled to right , Ramirez scored . Millar grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . LeCroy fouled out to third . Hunter doubled to deep left center . Hunter caught stealing third , catcher to third . Sears flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Rogers pitching for Twins . Hillenbrand lined out to right center . Giambi struck out looking . Mirabelli grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Cuddyer popped out to shortstop . Prince flied out to right center . Rivas walked . Mohr grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rivas out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Rogers pitching for Twins . Damon lined out to center . Mueller doubled to left center . Garciaparra walked . Ramirez doubled to deep left , Mueller scored , Garciaparra to third . Ortiz grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Garciaparra out at home . Millar singled to left , Ramirez scored , Ortiz to third . Hillenbrand flied out to center . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Guzman flied out to center . Koskie flied out to left . LeCroy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Rogers pitching for Twins . Giambi struck out swinging . Mirabelli singled to left . Damon walked , Mirabelli to second . Mueller grounded out to third , Mirabelli to third , Damon to second . Garciaparra grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Hunter struck out swinging . Sears singled to right . Cuddyer struck out swinging . Prince walked , Sears to second . Rivas grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Rogers pitching for Twins . Ramirez grounded out to third . Ortiz struck out swinging . Millar grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Mohr doubled to right . Guzman reached on bunt single to catcher , Mohr to third . Koskie doubled to deep left center , Mohr scored , Guzman to third . LeCroy singled to left , Guzman scored , Koskie to third . Hunter popped out to shallow left . Sears hit sacrifice fly to center , Koskie scored . Cuddyer tripled to left , LeCroy scored . Prince walked . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Rivas grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Rogers pitching for Twins . Hillenbrand lined out to third . Giambi grounded out to second . Mirabelli grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Mohr singled to right . Guzman sacrificed to pitcher , Mohr to second , Guzman safe at first on error by pitcher Timlin . Koskie singled to left , Mohr to third , Guzman to second . LeCroy singled to right , Mohr and Guzman scored , Koskie to third . Shiell pitching for Red Sox . Mientkiewicz ran for LeCroy . Hunter grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Koskie scored , Mientkiewicz to second . Sears grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Hunter out at second , Mientkiewicz to third . Sears to second on wild pitch by Shiell . Cuddyer walked . Prince doubled to deep left , Mientkiewicz and Sears scored , Cuddyer to third . Rivas grounded out to third . Romero pitching for Twins . Mohr struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Romero pitching for Twins . Damon singled to center . Mueller flied out to center . Garciaparra flied out to right . Tolar pitching for Red Sox . Ramirez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Tolar pitching for Red Sox . Guzman singled to right center . Kielty hit for Mientkiewicz . Koskie grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Guzman out at second . Kielty grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Koskie out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Romero pitching for Twins . Ortiz struck out looking . Millar walked . Varitek hit for Giambi . Hillenbrand struck out swinging . Millar to second on balk by Romero . Lyon pitching for Red Sox . Varitek struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Lyon pitching for Red Sox . Hunter grounded out to third . Sears singled to right . Cuddyer struck out looking . Prince flied out to shallow right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Guardado pitching for Twins . Mirabelli flied out to left . Damon lined out to shortstop . Mueller singled to center . Garciaparra grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 9 - Red Sox 4 .	Down four early , Twins jump up and bite Red Sox