Red Sox - Top 1st . Radke pitching for Twins . Damon grounded out to first . Walker flied out to shallow left center . Garciaparra grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Jones reached on infield single to second . Guzman grounded out to first , Jones to second . Koskie grounded out to shortstop , Jones to third . LeCroy doubled to left , Jones scored . Hunter grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Radke pitching for Twins . Ramirez grounded out to third . Nixon safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Rivas , Nixon tagged out at second attempting to advance on play . Hillenbrand grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Mientkiewicz struck out swinging . Mohr singled to center . Pierzynski singled to right , Mohr to second . Rivas doubled to right , Mohr scored , Pierzynski to third . Jones tripled to right , Pierzynski and Rivas scored . Guzman grounded out to pitcher , Jones scored . Koskie grounded out to pitcher . 4 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Radke pitching for Twins . Mueller struck out swinging . Giambi singled to center . Varitek popped out to third . Damon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . LeCroy grounded out to pitcher . Hunter struck out swinging . Mientkiewicz flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Radke pitching for Twins . Walker flied out to right . Garciaparra flied out to left . Ramirez flied out to deep right center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Mohr reached on infield single to shortstop . Pierzynski reached on infield single to second , Mohr out at second . Rivas singled to center , Pierzynski to second . Jones singled to left , Pierzynski to third , Rivas to second . Guzman hit sacrifice fly to left , Pierzynski and Rivas scored , Jones to third , Guzman safe at second on error by left fielder Giambi . Koskie hit sacrifice fly to left , Jones scored , Guzman to third . LeCroy struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Radke pitching for Twins . Nixon flied out to shallow left center . Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop . Mueller homered to right . Giambi singled to shallow center . Chen pitching for Red Sox . Varitek flied out to deep center . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Chen pitching for Red Sox . Hunter singled to right . Mientkiewicz singled to center , Hunter to third . Mohr struck out swinging . Pierzynski grounded out to second , Hunter scored , Mientkiewicz to second . Rivas struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Radke pitching for Twins . Damon popped out to third . Walker singled to right . Garciaparra singled to left , Walker to second . Ramirez flied out to right . Nixon singled to right center , Walker scored , Garciaparra to third . Hillenbrand flied out to right . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Chen pitching for Red Sox . Jones flied out to left . Guzman struck out swinging . Hocking at third base . Koskie struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Radke pitching for Twins . Mueller flied out to shallow right . Giambi homered to right . Varitek homered to right center . Damon singled to left . Walker singled to right , Damon to second . Hawkins pitching for Twins . Garciaparra struck out swinging . Ramirez hit ground rule double to deep left , Damon scored , Walker to third . Mendoza pitching for Red Sox . Nixon struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Mendoza pitching for Red Sox . LeCroy singled to center . Hunter grounded into double play , shortstop to first , LeCroy out at second . Mientkiewicz doubled to deep right . Mohr flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Hawkins pitching for Twins . Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop . Mueller struck out looking . Giambi homered to left . Varitek grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Mendoza pitching for Red Sox . Pierzynski grounded out to second . Rivas doubled to left . Jones grounded out to second , Rivas to third . Guzman walked . Guardado pitching for Twins . Hocking grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Guardado pitching for Twins . Damon grounded out to shortstop . Walker struck out looking . Garciaparra singled to center . Ramirez singled to left , Garciaparra to second . Millar hit for Nixon . Millar walked , Garciaparra to third , Ramirez to second . Jackson ran for Millar . Hillenbrand singled to left , Garciaparra and Ramirez scored , Jackson to second . Mueller grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 8 - Twins 9 .	One and only : BoSox 's rally falls short vs. Twins