Angels - Top 1st . Eckstein struck out looking . Kennedy struck out swinging . Salmon hit by pitch . Anderson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Salmon to second . Glaus reached on infield single to second , Salmon to third , Anderson to second . Fullmer flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Damon grounded out to third . Walker singled to center . Garciaparra singled to right , Walker to third . Ramirez singled to left , Walker scored , Garciaparra to second . Millar flied out to shallow right center . Nixon walked , Garciaparra to third , Ramirez to second . Hillenbrand singled to left , Garciaparra and Ramirez scored , Nixon to second , Nixon out at second in rundown . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Spiezio popped out to second . Molina grounded out to third . Owens singled to right center . Owens stole second . Eckstein struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Giambi homered to right . Mirabelli walked . Damon grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Mirabelli out at second . Damon stole second . Walker flied out to left . Garciaparra popped out to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Kennedy reached on infield single to second . Salmon doubled to deep left , Kennedy to third . Anderson grounded out to first , Kennedy scored , Salmon to third . Glaus grounded out to third , Salmon scored . Fullmer singled to left . Spiezio flied out to right . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Ramirez flied out to center . Millar singled to right center . Nixon fouled out to third . Hillenbrand struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Molina lined out to right . Owens grounded out to shortstop . Eckstein fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Giambi grounded out to second . Mirabelli struck out swinging . Damon singled to left . Damon caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Walker batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Kennedy walked . Salmon struck out swinging . Kennedy stole second . Anderson safe at first on error by second baseman Walker , Kennedy scored . Anderson to second on wild pitch by Wakefield . Anderson to third on wild pitch by Wakefield . Glaus struck out swinging . Fullmer walked . Spiezio doubled to right , Anderson scored , Fullmer to third . Molina grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Walker singled to deep left , Walker out stretching at second . Garciaparra flied out to deep left . Ramirez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Owens popped out to second . Eckstein popped out to first . Kennedy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Millar grounded out to shortstop . Nixon flied out to center . Person pitching for Red Sox . Hillenbrand flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Salmon doubled to left . Anderson struck out swinging . Glaus struck out swinging . Fullmer doubled to left center , Salmon scored . Fullmer to third on wild pitch by Person . Spiezio walked . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Molina struck out looking . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Giambi walked . Mirabelli struck out swinging . Giambi to second on wild pitch by Rodriguez . Damon singled to left , Giambi scored . Walker flied out to deep right . Embree pitching for Red Sox . Garciaparra struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Owens reached on infield single to first . Eckstein singled to left , Owens to second . Kennedy grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Owens scored , Eckstein out at second . Kennedy caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Salmon walked . Davanon ran for Salmon . Davanon in right field . Donnelly pitching for Angels . Anderson grounded out to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Ramirez fouled out to first . Millar struck out swinging . Nixon tripled to deep right . Hillenbrand grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Lyon pitching for Red Sox . Glaus grounded out to second . Fullmer singled to shallow right . Spiezio grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Fullmer out at second , Spiezio safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Garciaparra . Percival pitching for Angels . Molina struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Giambi struck out swinging . Mueller hit for Mirabelli . Mueller struck out looking . Damon flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 6 - Red Sox 5 .	Rally time : Angels score late to edge Red Sox