Angels - Top 1st . Eckstein grounded out to second . Kennedy singled to left . Salmon grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kennedy out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Mueller struck out swinging . Walker grounded out to shortstop . Garciaparra homered to left . Ramirez grounded out to first . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Anderson grounded out to first . Glaus singled to center . Fullmer grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Glaus out at second . Fullmer stole second . Spiezio grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Millar doubled to left . Hillenbrand lined into double play , second to shortstop , Millar doubled off second . Varitek grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Molina grounded out to pitcher . Davanon struck out swinging . Eckstein grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Nixon struck out swinging , Nixon safe at first on passed ball by Molina . Jackson singled to left , Nixon to second . Mueller sacrificed to pitcher , Nixon to third , Jackson to second . Walker hit sacrifice fly to left , Nixon scored , Jackson to third . Garciaparra flied out to right . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Kennedy struck out looking . Salmon reached on infield single to second . Anderson lined into double play , second to first , Salmon doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Ramirez flied out to right center . Millar flied out to shallow left center . Hillenbrand grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Glaus walked . Fullmer walked , Glaus to second . Spiezio grounded out to first , Glaus to third , Fullmer to second . Molina hit sacrifice fly to center , Glaus scored , Fullmer to third . Davanon bunt grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Varitek grounded out to third . Nixon flied out to left center . Jackson doubled to left center . Mueller popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Eckstein singled to right . Kennedy singled to right , Eckstein to third . Salmon flied out to shallow right . Kennedy stole second . Anderson walked . Glaus grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Eckstein out at home , Kennedy to third , Anderson to second . Fullmer grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Walker doubled to left center . Garciaparra grounded out to shortstop , Walker to third . Ramirez grounded out to second . Millar walked . Hillenbrand flied out to shallow center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Spiezio singled to right . Molina grounded into double play , third to second to first , Spiezio out at second . Davanon safe at first on error by second baseman Walker . Davanon stole second . Eckstein struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Varitek struck out swinging . Nixon popped out to shallow left center . Jackson singled to left . Mueller singled to right , Jackson to third . Walker flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Kennedy grounded out to second . Salmon singled to left . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Gil ran for Salmon . Anderson grounded out to first , Gil to second . Glaus homered to left , Gil scored . Davanon in right field . Owens in center field . Donnelly pitching for Angels . Spiezio at first base . Fullmer flied out to center . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Garciaparra grounded out to shortstop . Ramirez flied out to left . Lyon pitching for Red Sox . Millar grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Spiezio popped out to third . Molina singled to center . Davanon singled to left , Molina to second . Eckstein continues to bat after dropped foul ball by third baseman Mueller . Eckstein flied out to right , Molina to third , Davanon to second , Molina scored , Davanon to third on throwing error by right fielder Nixon . Wooten hit for Gil . Kennedy walked . Wooten singled to left , Davanon scored , Kennedy to third . Chen pitching for Red Sox . Anderson singled to shallow center , Kennedy scored , Wooten to second . Glaus struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Hillenbrand singled to left . Varitek struck out swinging . Ortiz hit for Jackson . Nixon singled to right , Hillenbrand to second . Percival pitching for Angels . Ortiz struck out looking . Mueller walked , Hillenbrand to third , Nixon to second . Walker grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 6 - Red Sox 2 .	Nixon 's fuzzy math aids Angels ' rally in Boston