Red Sox - Top 1st . D'Amico pitching for Pirates . Mueller flied out to deep left . Walker struck out looking . Garciaparra tripled to deep right . Ramirez lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Lofton tripled to deep left center . Wilson lined out to second . Giles walked . Ramirez grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Giles out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . D'Amico pitching for Pirates . Millar flied out to left . Nixon homered to right center . Mirabelli popped out to catcher . Damon flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Simon grounded out to second . Kendall grounded out to shortstop . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . D'Amico pitching for Pirates . Lowe flied out to shallow right center . Mueller fouled out to third . Walker flied out to deep right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Reboulet grounded out to shortstop . D'Amico struck out swinging . Lofton flied out to deep right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . D'Amico pitching for Pirates . Garciaparra singled to shallow right center . Ramirez singled to center , Garciaparra to third . Millar grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Garciaparra scored , Ramirez out at second . Nixon lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . Giles flied out to left . Ramirez doubled to left center . Simon walked . Kendall grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . D'Amico pitching for Pirates . Mirabelli struck out swinging . Damon tripled to right center . Lowe grounded out to shortstop . Mueller struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . Reboulet safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Walker . D'Amico sacrificed to first , Reboulet to second . Lofton reached on infield single to first , Reboulet to third , Reboulet scored , Lofton to second on throwing error by first baseman Millar . Wilson grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . D'Amico pitching for Pirates . Walker walked . Garciaparra flied out to deep left . Ramirez grounded into double play , second to first , Walker out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Giles walked . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Giles out at second . Simon grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ramirez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . D'Amico pitching for Pirates . Millar walked . Nixon singled to right , Millar to second . Mirabelli doubled to deep right , Millar scored , Nixon to third . Beimel pitching for Pirates . Damon singled to left center , Nixon and Mirabelli scored . Lowe sacrificed to pitcher , Damon to second . Mueller singled to left , Damon scored . Walker lined into double play , to first , Mueller doubled off first . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Kendall doubled to right . Wilson singled to center , Kendall to third . Mackowiak hit for Beimel . Reboulet grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Kendall scored , Wilson out at second . Mackowiak hit by pitch . Tavarez pitching for Pirates . Lofton grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Tavarez pitching for Pirates . Garciaparra flied out to deep right center . Ramirez grounded out to third . Millar walked . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Nixon lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Wilson flied out to left . Giles grounded out to second . Ramirez grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Tavarez pitching for Pirates . Mirabelli doubled to left center . Giambi hit for Timlin . Damon doubled to right , Mirabelli scored . Giambi flied out to left center . Mueller fouled out to left . Lyon pitching for Red Sox . Walker singled to left , Damon scored , Walker thrown out at second attempting to advance on throw . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Lyon pitching for Red Sox . Simon flied out to right center . Kendall reached on infield single to third . Wilson hit ground rule double to deep left , Kendall to third . Nunez hit for Tavarez . Reboulet hit sacrifice fly to center , Kendall scored . Nunez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 8 - Pirates 3 .	BOSTON 8 , PITTSBURGH 3 ( 2ND GAME )