Blue Jays - Top 1st . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Bordick flied out to center . Catalanotto grounded out to first . Wells singled to center . Delgado singled to right center , Wells to third . Myers grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays . Mueller grounded out to shortstop . Walker grounded out to second . Garciaparra lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Phelps struck out swinging . Hinske walked . Johnson singled to right center , Hinske to third , Hinske scored on error by shortstop Garciaparra . Hudson popped into double play , third to first , Johnson doubled off first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays . Ramirez flied out to right . Millar singled to right . Mirabelli singled to right , Millar to second . McCarty doubled to left center , Millar scored , Mirabelli to third . Kapler popped out to shortstop . Jackson popped out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Bordick safe at first on error by third baseman Mueller . Catalanotto homered to right , Bordick scored . Wells walked . Delgado fouled out to third . Wells stole second . Myers lined into double play , center to second , Wells doubled off second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays . Mueller bunt popped out foul to catcher . Walker flied out to deep center . Garciaparra grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Phelps doubled to left center . Hinske hit ground rule double to right , Phelps scored . Johnson grounded out to shortstop , Hinske to third . Hudson doubled to deep left , Hinske scored . Bordick singled to center , Hudson scored . Catalanotto doubled to right , Bordick scored . Jones pitching for Red Sox . Wells reached on infield single to pitcher , Catalanotto to third . Suppan pitching for Red Sox . Delgado grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Wells out at second . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays . Ramirez singled to right center . Millar walked , Ramirez to second . Mirabelli singled to center , Ramirez scored , Millar to second . McCarty homered to left , Millar and Mirabelli scored . Kapler singled to left . Jackson safe at first on error by shortstop Bordick , Kapler to third . Mueller singled to left , Kapler scored , Jackson to second . Walker bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Jackson out at third , Mueller to second . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Garciaparra lined into double play , to second , Mueller doubled off second . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Suppan pitching for Red Sox . Myers doubled to left . Phelps walked . Hinske struck out swinging . Johnson grounded into double play , third to second to first , Phelps out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Ramirez flied out to deep center . Millar flied out to center . Mirabelli struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Suppan pitching for Red Sox . Hudson lined out to third . Bordick flied out to deep left . Catalanotto walked . Damon hit for McCarty . Wells flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Damon fouled out to third . Nixon hit for Jackson . Kapler grounded out to shortstop . Nixon singled to right . Damon in center field . Nixon in right field . Kapler in left field . Mueller flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Suppan pitching for Red Sox . Delgado walked . Myers grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Delgado out at second . Phelps doubled to right , Myers to third . Hinske struck out swinging . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Myers out at home . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Walker doubled to deep right . Garciaparra flied out to right . Ramirez flied out to deep center . Millar doubled to left , Walker scored . Varitek hit for Mirabelli . Varitek catching . Sauerbeck pitching for Red Sox . Varitek flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Sauerbeck pitching for Red Sox . Hudson grounded out to second . Bordick walked . Catalanotto singled to left , Bordick to third . Williamson pitching for Red Sox . Wells doubled to left , Bordick scored , Catalanotto to third . Delgado intentionally walked . Wilson hit for Myers . Wilson grounded out to third , Catalanotto scored , Wells to third , Delgado to second . Phelps singled to left , Wells scored , Delgado to third , Phelps to second on throwing error by left fielder Kapler . Embree pitching for Red Sox . Hinske doubled to deep left , Delgado and Phelps scored . Wilson catching . Miller pitching for Blue Jays . Johnson grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Miller pitching for Blue Jays . Damon singled to center . Kapler batting . Damon to second on wild pitch by Miller . Nixon singled to center , Damon scored . Mueller walked , Nixon to second . Walker grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Mueller out at second , Nixon to third . Lopez pitching for Blue Jays . Garciaparra walked , Walker to second . Kim pitching for Red Sox . Ramirez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Kim pitching for Red Sox . Hudson struck out looking . Bordick struck out swinging . Catalanotto struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Lopez pitching for Blue Jays . Millar inside - the - park home run to deep center . Varitek struck out swinging . Ortiz hit for Kapler . Damon singled to center . Ortiz flied out to left . Nixon flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 12 - Red Sox 9 .	Five - run eighth propels Jays past Red Sox