Red Sox - Top 1st . Damon struck out looking . Mueller doubled to deep left . Garciaparra flied out to center . Ramirez intentionally walked . Ortiz flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Matos struck out swinging . Mora singled to center . Mora stole second . Bigbie struck out looking . Gibbons grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Millar struck out swinging . Varitek singled to right . Nixon singled to right , Varitek to second , Varitek to third on error by right fielder Mora . Kapler ran for Nixon . Jackson singled to left , Varitek scored , Nixon to second . Damon singled to left , Kapler to third , Jackson to second . Mueller hit sacrifice fly to right , Kapler scored , Jackson to third . Kapler in right field . Garciaparra grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Damon out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Batista walked . Cust lined out to center . Cruz lined out to center . Fordyce singled to right , Batista to second . Morban grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Ramirez singled to left . Ortiz homered to right , Ramirez scored . Millar struck out looking . Varitek walked . Kapler flied out to left . Jackson popped out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Matos struck out swinging . Mora hit by pitch . Bigbie singled to right , Mora to second . Douglass pitching for Orioles . Gibbons flied out to left , Mora out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Douglass pitching for Orioles . Damon singled to left . Mueller walked , Damon to second . Garciaparra popped out to second , Damon to third , Mueller to second . Ramirez hit by pitch . Ortiz grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Damon scored , Ramirez out at second , Mueller to third . Millar struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Batista grounded out to first . Cust struck out swinging . Cruz grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Douglass pitching for Orioles . Varitek walked . Kapler flied out to center . Jackson grounded into double play , second to first , Varitek out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Fordyce reached on infield single to third . Morban grounded out to pitcher . Matos grounded out to second , Fordyce to third . Mora walked . Bigbie singled to left , Fordyce scored , Mora to second . Gibbons grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Mora out at third , Bigbie to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Douglass pitching for Orioles . Damon flied out to left . Mueller homered to right . Garciaparra lined out to center . Ramirez walked . Ortiz singled to deep left center , Ramirez scored . Millar flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Batista flied out to left . Cust struck out swinging . Cruz singled to right . Fordyce flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Douglass pitching for Orioles . Varitek popped out to third . Kapler singled to center . Jackson flied out to center . Jones pitching for Red Sox . Damon grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kapler out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Jones pitching for Red Sox . Morban struck out swinging . Matos grounded out to third . Carrasco pitching for Orioles . Mora grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Carrasco pitching for Orioles . Mueller singled to center . Garciaparra grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Mueller out at second . Ramirez walked , Garciaparra to second . Ortiz grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Ramirez out at second , Garciaparra to third , Garciaparra scored , Ortiz to second on error by first baseman Gibbons . Millar flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Jones pitching for Red Sox . Bigbie struck out swinging . Gibbons struck out swinging . Batista doubled to deep left center . Cust doubled to right , Batista scored . Cruz singled to right , Cust to third . Fordyce grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cruz out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Carrasco pitching for Orioles . Varitek homered to right . Kapler flied out to center . Jackson walked . Mendoza pitching for Red Sox . Damon grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Jackson out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Raines Jr hit for Matos . Mendoza pitching for Red Sox . Morban flied out to center . Raines Jr flied out to left . Mora struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 9 - Orioles 2 .	Ortiz powers Red Sox again in victory over O 's