Athletics - Top 1st . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . McMillon grounded out to first . Durazo struck out swinging . Tejada grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Lilly pitching for Athletics . Damon doubled to left . Garciaparra walked . Mueller struck out swinging . Ramirez struck out swinging . Ortiz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Chavez grounded out to first . Hernandez grounded out to first . Hatteberg grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Lilly pitching for Athletics . Millar reached on infield single to third . Varitek grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Millar safe at second on error by shortstop Tejada . Kapler grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Millar out at third , Varitek to second , Varitek to third on throwing error by third baseman Chavez . Jackson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Varitek scored on error by third baseman Chavez , Kapler to second . Damon flied out to left . Garciaparra popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 3 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Ellis grounded out to shortstop . Long grounded out to first . Byrnes reached on infield single to third . McMillon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Lilly pitching for Athletics . Mueller popped out to shallow center . Ramirez grounded out to pitcher . Ortiz popped out to shallow left center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Durazo grounded out to first . Tejada grounded out to first . Chavez popped out to shallow right center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Lilly pitching for Athletics . Millar safe at first on error by catcher Hernandez . Varitek flied out to right . Kapler grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Millar out at second . Jackson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 5th . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Hernandez lined out to pitcher . Hatteberg singled to center . Ellis grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hatteberg out at second . Long grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ellis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Lilly pitching for Athletics . Damon hit by pitch . Garciaparra grounded into double play , third to second to first , Damon out at second . Mueller struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Byrnes singled to left center . Byrnes stole second . McMillon grounded out to second , Byrnes to third . Durazo walked . Tejada grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Byrnes out at home , Durazo to second , Durazo to third , Tejada to second advancing on play . Chavez intentionally walked . Hernandez safe at first on error by shortstop Garciaparra , Durazo scored , Tejada thrown out at home , Chavez to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Lilly pitching for Athletics . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Ortiz flied out to center . Millar walked . Varitek grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Hatteberg grounded out to first . Ellis reached on infield single to third . Long singled to right , Ellis to second . Byrnes reached on infield single to shortstop , Ellis to third , Long to second . McMillon lined out to second . Durazo lined out to center . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Lilly pitching for Athletics . Kapler popped out to second . Jackson struck out swinging . Damon grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Tejada flied out to right . Chavez grounded out to pitcher . Hernandez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Bradford pitching for Athletics . Garciaparra reached on infield single to third . Mueller grounded out to first , Garciaparra to second . Ramirez struck out swinging . Ortiz intentionally walked . Millar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Hatteberg grounded out to pitcher . Ellis struck out swinging . Long grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Bradford pitching for Athletics . Varitek singled to center . Brown ran for Varitek . Walker hit for Jackson . Kapler grounded into double play , third to second to first , Brown out at second . Rincon pitching for Athletics . Walker at second base . Mirabelli catching . Walker popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 10th . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Byrnes struck out swinging . McMillon flied out to center . Durazo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 10th . Rincon pitching for Athletics . Damon struck out swinging . Mecir pitching for Athletics . Garciaparra singled to shallow right . Mueller popped out to third . Garciaparra stole second . Ramirez intentionally walked . Williamson pitching for Red Sox . Ortiz lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 11th . Williamson pitching for Red Sox . Tejada struck out swinging . Chavez flied out to left center . Hernandez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 11th . Harden pitching for Athletics . Millar popped out to shortstop . Mirabelli singled to right . Nixon hit for Kapler . Nixon homered to center , Mirabelli scored . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 1 - Red Sox 3 .	Trot around the bases : Red Sox still alive