Red Sox - Top 1st . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Damon grounded out to second . Walker grounded out to pitcher . Garciaparra singled to shallow right . Ramirez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Burkett pitching for Red Sox . Soriano flied out to center . Jeter grounded out to third . Giambi homered to right . Williams grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Ortiz struck out swinging . Millar struck out swinging . Mueller doubled to left . Nixon grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Burkett pitching for Red Sox . Posada flied out to center . Matsui flied out to right . Johnson singled to shallow left . Boone grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Johnson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Varitek homered to left . Damon walked . Walker singled to right , Damon to second . Garciaparra grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Damon out at third , Walker to second . Ramirez walked , Walker to third , Garciaparra to second . Ortiz singled to shallow left center , Walker and Garciaparra scored , Ramirez to second . Millar singled to center , Ramirez scored , Ortiz to second . Mueller grounded into double play , third to second to first , Millar out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Burkett pitching for Red Sox . Garcia struck out looking . Soriano lined out to center . Jeter singled to shallow center . Giambi grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Nixon struck out swinging . Varitek safe at first on error by third baseman Boone . Damon flied out to left . Walker flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Burkett pitching for Red Sox . Williams grounded out to first . Posada singled to right . Matsui singled to shallow left , Posada to third . Johnson hit ground rule double to right , Posada scored , Matsui to third . Boone grounded out to shortstop , Matsui scored . Garcia safe at first on error by shortstop Garciaparra , Johnson to third . Arroyo pitching for Red Sox . Soriano doubled to center , Johnson and Garcia scored . Jeter walked . Giambi struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 5th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Garciaparra singled to shallow center . Ramirez flied out to center . Ortiz struck out looking . Millar singled to shallow center , Garciaparra to second . Mueller struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Arroyo pitching for Red Sox . Williams flied out to right . Posada homered to left . Matsui flied out to center . Johnson singled to right . Contreras pitching for Yankees . Boone struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Contreras pitching for Yankees . Nixon struck out looking . Varitek struck out swinging . Damon walked . Damon stole second . Jones pitching for Red Sox . Walker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Jones pitching for Red Sox . Garcia struck out swinging . Soriano singled to center . Soriano to second on passed ball by Varitek . Embree pitching for Red Sox . Jeter walked . Soriano stole third , Jeter stole second . Giambi struck out swinging . Williams grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Contreras pitching for Yankees . Garciaparra tripled to deep center , Garciaparra scored on throwing error by left fielder Matsui . Ramirez doubled to deep center . Ramirez to third on wild pitch by Contreras . Ortiz reached on infield single to first , Ramirez scored . Millar flied out to right . Heredia pitching for Yankees . Mueller singled to shallow center , Ortiz to second . Ortiz to third , Mueller to second on wild pitch by Heredia . Nixon struck out looking . Varitek intentionally walked . Damon walked , Ortiz scored , Mueller to third , Varitek to second . Walker struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Embree pitching for Red Sox . Posada grounded out to second . Matsui reached on infield single to shortstop . Nelson pitching for Yankees . Johnson grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Matsui out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Nelson pitching for Yankees . Garciaparra reached on infield single to third . Ramirez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Garciaparra out at second . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Ortiz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Boone struck out swinging . Garcia singled to shallow left center . Soriano grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Garcia out at second . Soriano stole second . Jeter grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Nelson pitching for Yankees . Millar struck out swinging . White pitching for Yankees . Mueller doubled to center . Nixon homered to right , Mueller scored . Varitek struck out swinging . Damon hit ground rule double to third . Williamson pitching for Red Sox . Jackson at second base . Walker grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 9th . Williamson pitching for Red Sox . Giambi struck out swinging . Williams flied out to center . Posada flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 9 - Yankees 6 .	Boston rallies , forces Game 7 in N.Y.