Padres - Top 1st . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Margot grounded out to second . Spangenberg struck out swinging . Myers struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Cahill pitching for Padres . Pollock reached on infield single to shortstop . Peralta walked , Pollock to second . Goldschmidt singled to center , Pollock scored , Peralta to second . Lamb grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Goldschmidt out at second , Peralta to third . Tomás grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lamb out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Solarte doubled to deep center . Renfroe grounded out to shortstop . Hedges walked . Aybar walked , Solarte to third , Hedges to second . Blash grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Solarte out at home . Blash out on batter interference . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Cahill pitching for Padres . Drury walked . Owings struck out swinging . Mathis struck out swinging . Godley struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Cahill grounded out to second . Margot singled to right . Spangenberg sacrificed to catcher , Margot to second , Spangenberg safe at first on error by catcher Mathis . Myers struck out swinging . Solarte flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Cahill pitching for Padres . Pollock singled to left . Pollock stole second . Peralta walked . Pollock to third , Peralta to second on wild pitch by Cahill . Goldschmidt reached on infield single to pitcher , Pollock scored , Peralta to third . Lamb singled to right , Peralta scored , Goldschmidt to second . Goldschmidt stole third , Lamb stole second . Tomás struck out swinging . Drury walked . Owings grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Goldschmidt scored , Lamb out at third , Drury to second . Mathis flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Renfroe grounded out to third . Hedges struck out swinging . Aybar homered to right ( 398 feet ) . Blash walked . Cahill doubled to deep right , Blash scored . Margot struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Cahill pitching for Padres . Godley struck out looking . Pollock struck out swinging . Peralta singled to center . Goldschmidt doubled to deep right , Peralta scored . Lamb struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Spangenberg grounded out to shortstop . Myers popped out to first . Solarte struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Cahill pitching for Padres . Tomás struck out swinging . Drury reached on infield single to second . Owings grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Drury out at second . Mathis grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Renfroe homered to center ( 425 feet ) . Hedges singled to center . Aybar grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Hedges out at second . Blash struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Cahill pitching for Padres . Ahmed grounded out to third . Pollock struck out looking . Peralta singled to right . Spangenberg in left field . Torres pitching for Padres . Schimpf at third base . Goldschmidt hit by pitch , Peralta to second . Lamb grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Schimpf lined out to second . Margot flied out to center . Spangenberg struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Torres pitching for Padres . Tomás struck out swinging . Bradley struck out looking . Owings flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Myers struck out looking . Solarte struck out swinging . Renfroe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Buchter pitching for Padres . Mathis flied out to center . Ahmed doubled to deep left . Ahmed caught stealing third , pitcher to second to third . Pollock doubled to deep right center . Peralta walked . Goldschmidt popped out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Rodney pitching for Diamondbacks . Hedges grounded out to second . Aybar reached on bunt single to third . Aybar stole second . Sánchez singled to left , Aybar to third . Córdoba ran for Sánchez . Schimpf homered to right ( 439 feet ) , Aybar and Córdoba scored . Margot singled to right . Spangenberg reached on infield single to third , Margot to second . Margot stole third , Spangenberg stole second . Myers struck out swinging . Solarte doubled to deep right center , Margot and Spangenberg scored . Wilhelmsen pitching for Diamondbacks . Renfroe flied out to left . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Maurer pitching for Padres . Lamb struck out swinging . Tomás grounded out to shortstop . Descalso struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 8 - Diamondbacks 5 .	Schimpf powers Padres to 8 - 5 comeback win over Diamondbacks