Padres - Top 1st . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Margot singled to right . Szczur grounded into double play , third to second to first , Margot out at second . Myers struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Weaver pitching for Padres . García singled to shallow right center . García stole second . Sánchez reached on bunt single to third , García to third . Abreu hit by pitch , Sánchez to second . García grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , García scored , Abreu out at second , Sánchez to third . Frazier grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Solarte flied out to center . Hedges fouled out to right . Renfroe walked . Spangenberg fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Weaver pitching for Padres . Davidson singled to right , Davidson out stretching at second . Saladino flied out to left . Narváez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Sardiñas lined out to left . Torrens grounded out to shortstop . Margot walked . Szczur popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Weaver pitching for Padres . García flied out to left . García flied out to center . Sánchez singled to right . Abreu grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Myers walked . Solarte lined out to center . Hedges singled to right , Myers thrown out at third . Renfroe flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Weaver pitching for Padres . García safe at first on error by third baseman Spangenberg . Frazier grounded into double play , third to second to first , García out at second . Davidson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 5th . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Spangenberg grounded out to second . Sardiñas flied out to left . Torrens struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Weaver pitching for Padres . Saladino flied out to left . Narváez walked . García walked , Narváez to second . García grounded out to second , Narváez to third , García to second . Sánchez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Margot reached on infield single to second . Margot caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Szczur struck out looking . Myers grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Weaver pitching for Padres . Abreu struck out swinging . García singled to shallow left . Frazier popped out to second . Davidson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Solarte walked . Hedges singled to right center , Solarte to third . Renfroe homered to right ( 375 feet ) , Solarte and Hedges scored . Spangenberg struck out swinging . Sardiñas struck out swinging . Torrens grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Yates pitching for Padres . Saladino struck out swinging . Narváez flied out to left . García grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Ynoa pitching for White Sox . Margot struck out swinging . Szczur lined out to shortstop . Myers safe at first on error by second baseman Sánchez . Myers stole second . Solarte struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Buchter pitching for Padres . García grounded out to third . Sánchez walked . Abreu walked , Sánchez to second . García safe at first on error by shortstop Sardiñas , Sánchez to third , Abreu to second . Frazier walked , Sánchez scored , Abreu to third , García to second . Maurer pitching for Padres . Cabrera hit for Davidson . Cabrera singled to right , Abreu and García scored , Frazier to third . Saladino bunt popped out to first , Frazier scored , Cabrera to second . Narváez walked . García singled to right , Cabrera scored , Narváez to third . Stammen pitching for Padres . García doubled to center , Narváez and García scored . Sánchez singled to center , García scored . Abreu walked , Sánchez to second . García hit by pitch , Sánchez to third , Abreu to second . Frazier flied out to center . 8 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 9th . Abreu at first base . Holmberg pitching for White Sox . Hedges popped out to first . Renfroe walked . Spangenberg fouled out to third . Sardiñas grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 3 - White Sox 9 .	Cabrera keys rally as White Sox top Padres 9 - 3