Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Richard pitching for Padres . Blanco grounded out to second . Ahmed lined out to right . Goldschmidt flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Margot grounded out to third . Córdoba lined out to center . Myers flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Richard pitching for Padres . Owings flied out to center . Tomás flied out to right . Drury lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Schimpf lined out to center . Renfroe flied out to center . Spangenberg lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Richard pitching for Padres . Lamb grounded out to first . Iannetta homered to right center ( 410 feet ) . Godley grounded out to first . Blanco popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Hedges grounded out to second . Aybar grounded out to second . Richard grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Richard pitching for Padres . Ahmed lined out to center . Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop . Owings grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Margot struck out swinging . Córdoba singled to right , Córdoba out at first . Myers walked . Myers picked off first . Schimpf batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Richard pitching for Padres . Tomás singled to center . Drury lined out to second . Lamb struck out swinging . Iannetta struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Schimpf homered to right ( 373 feet ) . Renfroe doubled to deep right center . Spangenberg grounded out to pitcher . Hedges singled to center , Renfroe scored on error by center fielder Blanco . Aybar doubled to right , Hedges to third . Richard singled to right , Hedges scored , Aybar to third . Margot bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Aybar out at home , Richard to second . Córdoba reached on infield single to shortstop , Richard to third , Margot to second . Myers flied out to right . 3 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Richard pitching for Padres . Godley grounded out to shortstop . Blanco struck out swinging . Ahmed reached on infield single to pitcher . Goldschmidt lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Schimpf popped out to second . Renfroe singled to left . Spangenberg grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Renfroe out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Richard pitching for Padres . Owings grounded out to shortstop . Tomás struck out swinging . Drury struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Hedges bunt grounded out to pitcher . Aybar bunt grounded out to catcher . Richard grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Richard pitching for Padres . Lamb struck out swinging . Iannetta lined out to right . Peralta hit for Godley . Peralta singled to left . Peralta to second on wild pitch by Richard . Blanco grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks . Margot safe at first on error by shortstop Ahmed . Córdoba grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Margot out at second . Myers walked , Córdoba to second . Schimpf hit by pitch , Córdoba to third , Myers to second . Renfroe reached on infield single to pitcher , Córdoba scored , Myers to third , Schimpf to second . Spangenberg hit sacrifice fly to center , Myers scored , Schimpf to third . Hedges struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Richard pitching for Padres . Ahmed lined out to center . Goldschmidt singled to left center . Owings grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Goldschmidt out at second . Tomás grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Owings out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 1 - Padres 5 .	Richard 's 5 - hitter carries Padres to 5 - 1 win over Arizona