Padres - Top 1st . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Pirela walked . Solarte singled to right , Pirela thrown out at third . Myers walked , Solarte to second . Renfroe singled to center , Solarte to third , Myers to second . Hedges singled to center , Solarte and Myers scored , Renfroe to second . Cordero struck out swinging . Szczur grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hedges out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Richard pitching for Padres . Blanco grounded out to first . Iannetta grounded out to third . Goldschmidt singled to left . Owings doubled to deep right , Goldschmidt scored . Descalso singled to left center , Owings scored . Drury struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . d'Arnaud struck out swinging . Richard struck out looking . Pirela doubled to right . Solarte struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Richard pitching for Padres . Lamb grounded out to first . Ahmed reached on infield single to third , Ahmed to second on throwing error by shortstop d'Arnaud . Corbin struck out looking . Ahmed caught stealing third , catcher to third . Blanco batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Padres - Top 3rd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Myers singled to left center . Renfroe doubled to left , Myers scored , Renfroe to third on throwing error by shortstop Ahmed . Hedges struck out swinging . Cordero struck out looking . Szczur grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Richard pitching for Padres . Blanco struck out swinging . Iannetta grounded out to third . Goldschmidt walked . Owings flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . d'Arnaud grounded out to shortstop . Richard struck out swinging . Pirela singled to right . Solarte flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Richard pitching for Padres . Descalso struck out swinging . Drury grounded out to second . Lamb grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Myers singled to left . Renfroe lined out to center . Hedges fouled out to catcher . Cordero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Richard pitching for Padres . Ahmed popped out to shortstop . Corbin grounded out to pitcher . Blanco reached on bunt single to third . Iannetta homered to left ( 377 feet ) , Blanco scored . Goldschmidt struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Szczur walked . d'Arnaud grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Szczur out at second . Córdoba hit for Richard . Córdoba out on batter 's interference to catcher . Córdoba batting . Hoover pitching for Diamondbacks . Pirela struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Quackenbush pitching for Padres . Owings struck out swinging . Descalso struck out swinging . Drury hit by pitch . Lamb walked , Drury to second . Ahmed reached on infield single to shortstop , Drury to third , Lamb to second . Peralta hit for Hoover . Peralta singled to center , Drury and Lamb scored , Ahmed to third . Blanco walked , Peralta to second . Iannetta doubled to deep right , Ahmed , Peralta and Blanco scored . Goldschmidt doubled to deep right , Iannetta scored . Owings struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Bracho pitching for Diamondbacks . Solarte flied out to right . Myers struck out looking . Renfroe grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Yates pitching for Padres . Descalso homered to right ( 380 feet ) . Drury lined out to right . Lamb struck out looking . Ahmed popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Hazelbaker in left field . Descalso at first base . Bracho pitching for Diamondbacks . Hedges struck out swinging . Cordero singled to left . Szczur popped out to second . d'Arnaud grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Pirela at first base . Schimpf at third base . Spangenberg at second base . Torrens catching . Maurer pitching for Padres . Fuentes hit for Bracho . Fuentes singled to left . Blanco walked , Fuentes to second . Iannetta doubled to left , Fuentes and Blanco scored . Hazelbaker doubled to deep left center , Iannetta scored . Owings doubled to left , Hazelbaker scored . Aybar pitching for Padres . Descalso walked . Drury flied out to right , Owings to third . Lamb grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Descalso out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Blanco in right field . Fuentes in center field . McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks . Torrens safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Ahmed . Pirela struck out swinging . Schimpf grounded out to first , Torrens to second . Spangenberg grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 3 - Diamondbacks 15 .	Iannetta 's 7 RBIs leads D - Backs over Padres 15 - 3 for sweep