Padres - Top 1st . Bauer pitching for Indians . Pirela lined out to left . Margot struck out swinging . Myers struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Perdomo pitching for Padres . Zimmer grounded out to shortstop . Lindor doubled to right center . Brantley grounded out to second , Lindor to third . Encarnación struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Bauer pitching for Indians . Renfroe singled to shallow left . Spangenberg walked , Renfroe to second . Aybar struck out looking . Szczur walked , Renfroe to third , Spangenberg to second . Asuaje struck out looking . Torrens grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Perdomo pitching for Padres . Ramírez grounded out to first . Chisenhall grounded out to second . Almonte doubled to deep left . Pérez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Bauer pitching for Indians . Pirela singled to right . Margot struck out looking . Myers lined out to left . Renfroe struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Perdomo pitching for Padres . González reached on infield single to third , González to second on throwing error by third baseman Spangenberg .   Zimmer grounded out to shortstop , González to third . Lindor singled to shallow center , González scored . Brantley grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first . Lindor out at second . Brantley batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 4th . Bauer pitching for Indians . Spangenberg grounded out to second . Aybar hit by pitch . Szczur grounded out to third , Aybar to second . Asuaje singled to shallow center , Aybar scored , Asuaje thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Perdomo pitching for Padres . Encarnación struck out swinging . Ramírez grounded out to second . Chisenhall singled to center . Almonte singled to right , Chisenhall to third . Pérez batting . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Bauer pitching for Indians . Torrens singled to right center . Pirela tripled to deep right center , Torrens scored . Margot flied out to right . Myers struck out looking . Renfroe safe at first on error by shortstop Lindor , Pirela scored . Spangenberg lined out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 5th . Perdomo pitching for Padres . González doubled to left . Zimmer grounded out to second , González to third . Lindor doubled to second , González scored . Brantley reached on infield single to third , Lindor to third . Encarnación grounded into double play , third to second to first , Brantley out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Bauer pitching for Indians . Aybar singled to left center . Szczur singled to center , Aybar to third . Asuaje singled to left , Aybar scored , Szczur to second . Goody pitching for Indians . Torrens sacrificed to pitcher , Szczur to third , Asuaje to second . Pirela fouled out to first . Margot struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Buchter pitching for Padres . Ramírez fouled out to first . Chisenhall singled to center . Almonte reached on infield single to shortstop , Chisenhall to second . Maton pitching for Padres . Kipnis hit for Pérez . Kipnis struck out swinging . González struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Gomes catching . Goody pitching for Indians . Myers doubled to deep left . Renfroe struck out swinging . McAllister pitching for Indians . Spangenberg homered to left center ( 383 feet ) , Myers scored . Aybar singled to left . Szczur struck out looking . Asuaje doubled to left , Aybar to third . Torrens struck out looking . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Maton pitching for Padres . Zimmer grounded out to second . Lindor struck out looking . Brantley singled to center . Encarnación flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Otero pitching for Indians . Pirela reached on infield single to third . Margot grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pirela out at second . Myers grounded into double play , third to second to first , Margot out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Hand pitching for Padres . Ramírez doubled to deep center . Guyer hit for Chisenhall . Guyer lined out to shortstop . Almonte struck out swinging . Gomes singled to right , Ramírez thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Guyer in right field . Armstrong pitching for Indians . Renfroe struck out swinging . Spangenberg grounded out to second . Aybar lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Stammen pitching for Padres . González struck out looking . Zimmer grounded out to second . Lindor grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 6 - Indians 2 .	Padres down Indians 6 - 2 as Francona remains in hospital