Nationals - Top 1st . Perdomo pitching for Padres . Kendrick homered to left center . Difo grounded out to second . Murphy grounded out to pitcher . Rendon struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Grace pitching for Nationals . Margot grounded out to second . Asuaje lined out to left . Pirela grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Perdomo pitching for Padres . Lind walked . Wieters grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lind out at second . Taylor reached on infield single to shortstop , Wieters to third , Wieters scored , Taylor to second on throwing error by shortstop Coleman . Stevenson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Taylor out at third . Grace struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Grace pitching for Nationals . Solarte flied out to center . Myers flied out to center . Spangenberg bunt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Perdomo pitching for Padres . Kendrick lined out to left . Difo struck out swinging . Murphy walked . Rendon grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Murphy out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Grace pitching for Nationals . Hedges singled to right . Coleman struck out swinging . Perdomo sacrificed to catcher , Hedges to second . Margot grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Perdomo pitching for Padres . Lind grounded out to second . Wieters struck out looking . Taylor grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Grace pitching for Nationals . Asuaje singled to center . Pirela walked , Asuaje to second . Solarte grounded into double play , third to second to first , Pirela out at second , Asuaje to third . Myers lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Perdomo pitching for Padres . Stevenson lined out to right . Grace grounded out to pitcher . Kendrick struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Grace pitching for Nationals . Spangenberg grounded out to third . Kelley pitching for Nationals . Hedges struck out swinging . Coleman homered to left center . Perdomo popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Perdomo pitching for Padres . Difo grounded out to third . Murphy grounded out to third . Rendon singled to center . Rendon to second on wild pitch by Perdomo . Lind singled to center , Rendon scored . Wieters walked , Lind to second . Taylor grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wieters out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Blanton pitching for Nationals . Margot lined out to center . Asuaje walked . Pirela grounded into double play , third to second to first , Asuaje out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Perdomo pitching for Padres . Stevenson reached on infield single to shortstop . De Aza hit for Blanton . Stevenson stole second . Stevenson safe at third on throwing error by catcher Hedges . De Aza hit sacrifice fly to deep center , Stevenson scored , De Aza to second on error by center fielder Margot . Kendrick singled to center , De Aza scored . Baumann pitching for Padres . Difo struck out swinging . Kendrick stole second . Murphy struck out swinging . Rendon intentionally walked . Lind struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Pérez pitching for Nationals . Solarte struck out swinging . Myers lined out to center . Spangenberg walked . Zimmerman at first base . Albers pitching for Nationals . Hedges struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Torres pitching for Padres . Wieters struck out swinging . Taylor struck out looking . Stevenson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Albers pitching for Nationals . Coleman flied out to center . Sánchez hit for Torres . Sánchez struck out swinging . Margot struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Capps pitching for Padres . Zimmerman singled to center . Kendrick grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Zimmerman out at second . Difo singled to center , Kendrick to second . Murphy singled to right , Kendrick scored , Difo to third . Rendon hit sacrifice fly to left , Difo scored , Murphy tagged out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 9th . Solís pitching for Nationals . Asuaje singled to right . Pirela struck out looking . Solarte lined out to right . Myers struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 7 - Padres 1 .	Grace replaces Scherzer , Nationals beat Padres 7 - 1