Padres - Top 1st . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Margot singled to right . Margot out at second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Asuaje singled to right center . Pirela grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Asuaje out at second . Solarte lined out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Perdomo pitching for Padres . Wong reached on infield single to shortstop . Pham grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Wong out at second . DeJong singled to left . Fowler singled to right , DeJong to second . Molina grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Spangenberg grounded out to second . Szczur grounded out to first . Coleman grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Perdomo pitching for Padres . Gyorko struck out swinging . Grichuk grounded out to third . Garcia struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Torrens flied out to center . Perdomo lined out to right . Margot walked . Asuaje struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Perdomo pitching for Padres . Martínez walked . Wong lined out to right . Pham grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Martínez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Pirela singled to center . Solarte grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Pirela out at second . Spangenberg doubled to left center . Szczur flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Perdomo pitching for Padres . DeJong grounded out to shortstop . Fowler doubled to deep center . Molina flied out to right , Fowler to third . Gyorko doubled to left , Fowler scored . Grichuk grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Coleman struck out looking . Torrens struck out swinging . Perdomo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Perdomo pitching for Padres . Garcia grounded out to second . Martínez grounded out to shortstop . Wong lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Margot doubled to left . Asuaje singled to left , Margot to third . Pirela walked , Asuaje to second . Solarte popped out to shortstop . Spangenberg grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Margot scored , Asuaje to third , Pirela safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Martínez . Szczur reached on infield single to third , Asuaje scored , Pirela to third , Spangenberg to second . Coleman struck out looking . Torrens grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Perdomo pitching for Padres . Pham lined out to right . DeJong doubled to left . Fowler grounded out to second , DeJong to third . Molina singled to left , DeJong scored . Gyorko walked , Molina to second . Grichuk grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Córdoba hit for Perdomo . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Córdoba popped out to second . Margot struck out swinging . Asuaje grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Stammen pitching for Padres . Garcia struck out swinging . Martínez hit for Martínez . Martínez singled to center . Wong singled to right , Martínez to second . Pham grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Wong out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Lyons pitching for Cardinals . Pirela walked . Pirela stole second . Solarte popped out to first . Spangenberg grounded out to first , Pirela to third . Szczur hit by pitch . Myers hit for Coleman . Myers walked , Szczur to second . Sánchez hit for Torrens . Sánchez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Solarte at shortstop . Myers at first base . Sánchez catching . Stammen pitching for Padres . DeJong singled to left center . Fowler singled to right , DeJong to second . Yates pitching for Padres . Molina grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Fowler out at second , DeJong to third . Gyorko struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Tuivailala pitching for Cardinals . Blash hit for Yates . Blash singled to right center . Margot singled to center , Blash to third , Margot to second advancing on throw . Duke pitching for Cardinals . Asuaje singled to right , Blash scored , Margot to third . Bowman pitching for Cardinals . Pirela hit sacrifice fly to right , Margot scored , Asuaje to second . Solarte intentionally walked . Cecil pitching for Cardinals . Spangenberg struck out looking . Szczur struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Hand pitching for Padres . Grichuk homered to left center ( 405 feet ) . Kelly hit for Garcia . Kelly flied out to center . Piscotty hit for Cecil . Piscotty struck out swinging . Wong struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 4 - Cardinals 3 .	Asuaje , Margot lead late rally as Padres beat Cardinals 4 - 3