Padres - Top 1st . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Margot reached on infield single to third , Margot out stretching at second . Asuaje struck out swinging . Pirela grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Chacin pitching for Padres . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . Iannetta singled to left , Iannetta out stretching at second . Lamb struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Solarte grounded out to second . Myers struck out swinging . Spangenberg grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Chacin pitching for Padres . Goldschmidt popped out to second . Martinez singled to left . Pollock grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Martinez out at second . Pollock to second on wild pitch by Chacín . Descalso walked . Marte walked , Pollock to third , Descalso to second . Godley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Blash struck out swinging . Hedges fouled out to catcher . Chacín grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Chacin pitching for Padres . Peralta struck out looking . Iannetta lined out to right . Lamb lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Margot grounded out to third . Asuaje struck out swinging . Pirela grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Chacin pitching for Padres . Goldschmidt fouled out to first . Martinez struck out swinging . Pollock grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Solarte struck out swinging . Myers grounded out to first . Spangenberg grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Chacin pitching for Padres . Descalso singled to center . Marte singled to left , Descalso to second . Godley sacrificed to third , Descalso to third , Marte to second . Peralta singled to center , Descalso and Marte scored . Iannetta hit by pitch , Peralta to second . Lamb flied out to left . Goldschmidt singled to left center , Peralta scored , Iannetta to second . Martinez singled to right , Iannetta scored , Goldschmidt to third . Pollock struck out looking . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Blash struck out looking . Hedges popped out to first . Torrens hit for Chacín . Torrens struck out swinging , Torrens safe at first on wild pitch by Godley . Margot lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Díaz pitching for Padres . Descalso homered to right ( 415 feet ) . Marte walked . Godley sacrificed to first , Marte to second . Peralta grounded out to second , Marte to third . Iannetta singled to left , Marte scored . Lamb flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Asuaje flied out to center . Pirela struck out looking . Solarte doubled to deep center . Myers homered to left ( 461 feet ) , Solarte scored . Spangenberg doubled to right center . Blash struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Diaz pitching for Padres . Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop . Martinez singled to center , Martinez out stretching at second . Pollock flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Hedges singled to left . Sánchez hit for Díaz . Sánchez lined out to right . Margot struck out swinging . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Asuaje singled to right , Hedges to second . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Pirela grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Maton pitching for Padres . Descalso walked . Marte singled to left , Descalso to second . Vargas hit for Bradley . Vargas grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Marte out at second , Descalso to third . Peralta singled to right , Descalso scored . Iannetta flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Solarte singled to right . Myers homered to left ( 351 feet ) , Solarte scored . Rodney pitching for Diamondbacks . Spangenberg struck out swinging . Blash walked . Blash to second on wild pitch by Rodney . Hedges doubled to left , Blash scored . Aybar hit for Maton . Aybar singled to center , Hedges scored . Margot singled to center , Aybar to second . Asuaje singled to left , Aybar scored , Margot to second , Margot scored , Asuaje to third on error by left fielder Peralta . Hoover pitching for Diamondbacks . Pirela struck out swinging . Solarte flied out to left . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Aybar at shortstop . Hand pitching for Padres . Lamb walked . Blanco ran for Lamb . Goldschmidt lined out to right . Martinez singled to right center , Blanco to third . Pollock flied out to left . Rosales hit for Descalso . Rosales hit by pitch , Martinez to second . Marte struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 8 - Diamondbacks 7 .	Padres score 6 in the ninth to stun Diamondbacks 8 - 7