Athletics - Top 1st . Adenhart pitching for Angels . Sweeney walked . Cabrera flied out to right . Giambi singled to left center , Sweeney to third . Chavez struck out looking . Cust walked , Giambi to second . Suzuki grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Eveland pitching for Athletics . Figgins grounded out to second . Kendrick grounded out to shortstop . Abreu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Adenhart pitching for Angels . Buck struck out swinging . Ellis singled to right . Davis struck out swinging . Sweeney singled to left , Ellis to second . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sweeney out at second , Ellis to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Eveland pitching for Athletics . Guerrero grounded out to second . Hunter grounded out to shortstop . Morales singled to right . Rivera singled to left , Morales to second . Napoli grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Adenhart pitching for Angels . Giambi flied out to left . Chavez flied out to center . Cust flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Eveland pitching for Athletics . Aybar struck out swinging . Figgins grounded out to shortstop . Kendrick singled to center . Abreu reached on infield single to shortstop , Kendrick to second . Kendrick to third , Abreu to second on wild pitch by Eveland . Guerrero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Adenhart pitching for Angels . Suzuki singled to right . Buck grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Suzuki out at second . Buck to second on wild pitch by Adenhart . Ellis singled to right center , Buck to third . Davis grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ellis out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Eveland pitching for Athletics . Hunter singled to center . Morales singled to left , Hunter to third . Rivera singled to right center , Hunter scored , Morales to second . Napoli doubled to deep center , Morales scored , Rivera to third . Aybar hit sacrifice fly to center , Rivera scored . Figgins walked . Kendrick grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Figgins out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Adenhart pitching for Angels . Sweeney singled to center . Cabrera singled to left , Sweeney to second . Giambi struck out swinging . Chavez flied out to right , Sweeney to third . Cust walked , Cabrera to second . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cust out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Eveland pitching for Athletics . Abreu grounded out to pitcher . Guerrero grounded out to shortstop . Hunter popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Adenhart pitching for Angels . Buck struck out swinging . Ellis flied out to center . Davis grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Eveland pitching for Athletics . Morales struck out swinging . Rivera flied out to center . Napoli walked . Aybar grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Napoli out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Arredondo pitching for Angels . Sweeney struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Giambi singled to right . Chavez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Springer pitching for Athletics . Figgins walked . Kendrick struck out swinging . Figgins stole second , Figgins safe at third on throwing error by catcher Suzuki . Abreu hit sacrifice fly to right , Figgins scored . Guerrero struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 8th . Arredondo pitching for Angels . Cust singled to right . Suzuki singled to right center , Cust to third . Shields pitching for Angels . Buck struck out looking . Ellis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cust scored , Suzuki to second . Holliday hit for Davis . Suzuki to third , Ellis to second on wild pitch by Shields . Holliday struck out looking . Sweeney singled to center , Suzuki and Ellis scored . Sweeney stole second . Cabrera grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Sweeney in center field . Buck in right field . Holliday in left field . Bailey pitching for Athletics . Hunter fouled out to third . Morales struck out swinging . Rivera safe at first on error by second baseman Ellis . Matthews ran for Rivera . Napoli struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 9th . Matthews in left field . Fuentes pitching for Angels . Giambi walked . Crosby ran for Giambi . Chavez struck out swinging . Cust flied out to center . Suzuki reached on infield single to catcher , Crosby to second . Garciaparra hit for Buck . Garciaparra singled to left center , Crosby scored , Suzuki to third . Ellis reached on infield single to shortstop , Suzuki scored , Garciaparra to second . Holliday singled to deep center , Garciaparra scored , Ellis to third . Sweeney flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Crosby in right field . Garciaparra at first base . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Aybar struck out looking . Figgins reached on infield single to first . Kendrick grounded out to pitcher , Figgins to second . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 6 - Angels 4 .	A 's score 6 in final two innings to rally by Angels