Athletics - Top 1st . Galarraga pitching for Tigers . Cabrera grounded out to third . Kennedy homered to right . Cust walked . Holliday singled to right , Cust to second . Giambi singled to right , Cust to third , Holliday to second . Sweeney hit sacrifice fly to left , Cust scored . Crosby walked , Holliday to third , Giambi to second . Powell doubled to deep right center , Holliday , Giambi and Crosby scored . Hannahan walked . Miner pitching for Tigers . Cabrera struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Granderson walked . Anderson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Granderson out at second . Thomas grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Anderson out at second . Cabrera grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Miner pitching for Tigers . Kennedy singled to left . Cust grounded out to second , Kennedy to second . Holliday singled to left , Kennedy to third . Giambi struck out swinging . Sweeney singled to center , Kennedy scored , Holliday to second . Crosby flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Ordonez flied out to left . Larish singled to center . Laird grounded out to third , Larish to second . Santiago tripled to deep center , Larish scored . Everett singled to center , Santiago scored . Granderson walked , Everett to second . Anderson tripled to deep right , Everett and Granderson scored . Thomas grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Miner pitching for Tigers . Powell flied out to center . Hannahan struck out swinging . Cabrera singled to left . Kennedy walked , Cabrera to second . Cust struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Cabrera grounded out to third . Ordonez doubled to left . Larish singled to right , Ordonez to third . Laird singled to right , Ordonez scored , Larish to third . Casilla pitching for Athletics . Santiago homered to right , Larish and Laird scored . Everett doubled to shallow right . Granderson flied out to right . Anderson lined out to left . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Miner pitching for Tigers . Holliday reached on infield single to third . Giambi flied out to left . Sweeney struck out looking , Holliday stole second . Crosby flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Casilla pitching for Athletics . Thomas flied out to left . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Ordonez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Miner pitching for Tigers . Powell struck out swinging . Hannahan flied out to center . Cabrera homered to left . Kennedy singled to left . Cust grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Casilla pitching for Athletics . Larish struck out looking . Laird grounded out to second . Santiago singled to center . Everett doubled to left , Santiago to third . Springer pitching for Athletics . Granderson homered to right , Santiago and Everett scored . Anderson flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . French pitching for Tigers . Holliday walked . Giambi walked , Holliday to second . Sweeney lined out to third . Crosby struck out swinging . Powell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Thomas grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera safe at first on error by shortstop Cabrera . Ordonez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cabrera out at second . Larish walked , Ordonez to second . Laird struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 7th . Inge at third base . French pitching for Tigers . Hannahan flied out to center . Cabrera walked . Kennedy flied out to right . Cust grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Santiago singled to center . Everett sacrificed to pitcher , Santiago to second . Granderson intentionally walked . Anderson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to third , Granderson out at second , Santiago out at third , Anderson to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Perry pitching for Tigers . Holliday singled to right . Giambi grounded into double play , shortstop to third to first , Holliday out at second . Sweeney grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Bailey pitching for Athletics . Thomas walked . Cabrera popped out to second . Ordonez walked , Thomas to second . Inge struck out swinging . Laird struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Rodney pitching for Tigers . Crosby lined out to center . Powell grounded out to shortstop . Buck hit for Hannahan . Buck lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 7 - Tigers 11 .	Tigers finish sweep of A 's ; Miner key in relief