Athletics - Top 1st . Niemann pitching for Rays . Cabrera grounded out to second . Suzuki singled to left . Cust reached on bunt single to pitcher , Suzuki to second . Holliday grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Suzuki to third , Cust safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Bartlett . Giambi hit sacrifice fly to center , Suzuki scored . Kennedy flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rays - Bottom 1st . Gallagher pitching for Athletics . Upton walked . Crawford fouled out to left . Longoria singled to right center , Upton to third . Pena walked , Longoria to second . Zobrist walked , Upton scored , Longoria to third , Pena to second . Aybar hit by pitch , Longoria scored , Pena to third , Zobrist to second . Bartlett singled to center , Pena and Zobrist scored , Aybar to second . Iwamura grounded out to first , Aybar to third , Bartlett to second . Bartlett and Aybar scored on Suzuki 's passed ball . Hernandez struck out looking . 6 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Niemann pitching for Rays . Sweeney popped out to shortstop . Crosby popped out to shortstop . Buck struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 2nd . Gallagher pitching for Athletics . Upton flied out to right . Crawford flied out to right . Longoria grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Niemann pitching for Rays . Cabrera homered to left . Suzuki popped out to shortstop . Cust struck out swinging . Holliday grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 3rd . Gallagher pitching for Athletics . Pena walked . Zobrist flied out to center . Aybar singled to center , Pena to third . Aybar to second on wild pitch by Gallagher . Bartlett walked . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Iwamura singled to right center , Pena and Aybar scored , Bartlett to third . Hernandez grounded out to third , Bartlett scored , Iwamura to second . Upton struck out looking . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Niemann pitching for Rays . Giambi grounded out to second . Kennedy grounded out to second . Sweeney lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Crawford grounded out to shortstop . Longoria struck out swinging . Pena walked . Zobrist struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Niemann pitching for Rays . Crosby popped out to third . Buck singled to center . Cabrera grounded into double play , third to second to first , Buck out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 5th . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Aybar walked . Bartlett tripled to deep left center , Aybar scored . Iwamura singled to right , Bartlett scored . Hernandez struck out swinging . Upton grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Iwamura out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Niemann pitching for Rays . Suzuki grounded out to third . Cust grounded out to second . Holliday fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 6th . Hannahan at third base . Cunningham in left field . Crosby at shortstop . Kapler hit for Crawford . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Kapler grounded out to shortstop . Longoria singled to left . Pena reached on infield single to first , Longoria to second . Zobrist struck out swinging . Aybar walked , Longoria to third , Pena to second . Bartlett singled to left , Longoria and Pena scored , Aybar to second . Iwamura struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Gross in right field . Kapler in center field . Zobrist in left field . Niemann pitching for Rays . Giambi grounded out to second . Kennedy singled to right . Sweeney reached on infield single to third , Kennedy to second . Crosby grounded into double play , third to second to first , Sweeney out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 7th . Powell at first base . Cameron pitching for Athletics . Hernandez grounded out to second . Gross struck out swinging . Kapler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Niemann pitching for Rays . Buck doubled to center . Cunningham struck out swinging . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Cust homered to right , Buck scored . Hannahan flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 8th . Cameron pitching for Athletics . Longoria grounded out to pitcher . Pena struck out swinging . Zobrist walked . Aybar grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Isringhausen pitching for Rays . Powell grounded out to third . Kennedy singled to left . Davis hit for Sweeney . Davis fouled out to catcher . Crosby grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 4 - Rays 13 .	Bartlett 's 5 RBIs help Rays win fourth straight