Mariners - Top 1st . Braden pitching for Athletics . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Betancourt reached on infield single to first . Beltre singled to right , Betancourt to third . Sweeney doubled to deep right , Betancourt scored , Beltre to third . Branyan singled to right , Beltre scored , Sweeney to third . Lopez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Branyan out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Cabrera singled to left . Suzuki singled to left , Cabrera to second . Cust grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Suzuki out at second , Cabrera to third . Holliday walked , Cust to second . Giambi struck out swinging . Kennedy grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Braden pitching for Athletics . Balentien flied out to left . Johnson popped out to shortstop . Gutierrez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Crosby singled to left center . Davis flied out to left . Hannahan popped out to shortstop . Cabrera flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Braden pitching for Athletics . Suzuki grounded out to second . Betancourt grounded out to shortstop . Beltre hit ground rule double to deep right . Griffey Jr hit for Sweeney . Griffey Jr grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Suzuki flied out to right . Cust singled to center . Holliday popped out to shortstop . Giambi struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Braden pitching for Athletics . Branyan flied out to left . Lopez lined out to right . Balentien struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Kennedy lined out to third . Crosby singled to right . Davis grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Crosby out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Braden pitching for Athletics . Johnson popped out to second . Gutierrez singled to right . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gutierrez out at second . Betancourt singled to center , Suzuki to third . Beltre grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Hannahan flied out to left . Cabrera struck out swinging . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Braden pitching for Athletics . Griffey Jr flied out to center . Branyan walked . Lopez flied out to left . Balentien flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Cust grounded out to second . Holliday singled to left . Giambi fouled out to right . Kennedy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Braden pitching for Athletics . Johnson doubled to left . Gutierrez sacrificed to first , Johnson to third . Suzuki singled to left , Johnson scored . Betancourt grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Suzuki out at second . Beltre flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Batista pitching for Mariners . Crosby grounded out to third . Davis singled to right . Hannahan walked , Davis to second . Cabrera singled to right , Davis scored , Hannahan to second . Suzuki walked , Hannahan to third , Cabrera to second . Lowe pitching for Mariners . Cust flied out to center . Holliday walked , Hannahan scored , Cabrera to third , Suzuki to second . Giambi singled to center , Cabrera and Suzuki scored , Holliday to second . Kennedy grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Giambi out at second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Sweeney in right field . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Griffey Jr flied out to center . Branyan fouled out to third . Casilla pitching for Athletics . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Lowe pitching for Mariners . Crosby grounded out to pitcher . Davis flied out to center . Hannahan flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Bailey pitching for Athletics . Balentien struck out swinging . Johnson struck out looking . Gutierrez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 3 - Athletics 4 .	Athletics rock Mariners ' bullpen with late rally