Orioles - Top 1st . Braden pitching for Athletics . Roberts singled to shallow left center . Jones struck out swinging . Markakis grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Roberts out at second . Huff struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Cabrera singled to center . Kennedy singled to right , Cabrera to third . Cust homered to center , Cabrera and Kennedy scored . Holliday singled to center . Giambi grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Holliday out at second . Suzuki doubled to deep center , Giambi to third . Cunningham singled to center , Giambi and Suzuki scored , Cunningham to second advancing on throw . Hannahan flied out to center . Davis singled to right , Cunningham scored . Hendrickson pitching for Orioles . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 6 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Braden pitching for Athletics . Mora singled to left . Scott struck out looking . Wigginton grounded out to second , Mora to second . Wieters struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Hendrickson pitching for Orioles . Kennedy grounded out to pitcher . Cust struck out swinging . Holliday flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Braden pitching for Athletics . Andino popped out to second . Roberts singled to right . Jones struck out swinging . Markakis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Hendrickson pitching for Orioles . Giambi grounded out to second . Suzuki grounded out to second . Cunningham grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Braden pitching for Athletics . Huff popped out to shortstop . Mora grounded out to second . Scott struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Hendrickson pitching for Orioles . Hannahan grounded out to pitcher . Davis lined out to shortstop . Cabrera grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Braden pitching for Athletics . Wigginton lined out to third . Wieters singled to right . Andino grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Wieters out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Hendrickson pitching for Orioles . Kennedy singled to center . Cust walked , Kennedy to second . Holliday homered to center , Kennedy and Cust scored . Giambi walked . Albers pitching for Orioles . Suzuki struck out looking . Cunningham grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Giambi out at second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Braden pitching for Athletics . Roberts flied out to center . Jones fouled out to right . Markakis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Albers pitching for Orioles . Hannahan singled to right . Davis popped out to second . Cabrera grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hannahan out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Crosby at first base . Braden pitching for Athletics . Huff popped out to shortstop . Mora lined out to center . Scott homered to right . Wigginton fouled out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Pie in center field . Reimold in right field . Castillo pitching for Orioles . Kennedy struck out swinging . Cust grounded out to first . Holliday hit by pitch . Crosby grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Holliday out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Ed Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Wieters lined out to center . Andino grounded out to second . Roberts struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Bass pitching for Orioles . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Cunningham safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Andino . Cunningham to second on wild pitch by Bass . Hannahan grounded out to shortstop , Cunningham to third . Davis grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 9th . Springer pitching for Athletics . Pie flied out to center . Reimold struck out swinging . Huff flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 1 - Athletics 9 .	Cust , Holiday hit three - run homers to propel A 's