Orioles - Top 1st . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Roberts flied out to center . Markakis singled to left . Jones struck out swinging . Scott struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Berken pitching for Orioles . Cabrera doubled to deep right . Kennedy flied out to right , Cabrera to third . Cust grounded out to first , Cabrera scored . Holliday flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Huff grounded out to third . Mora grounded out to shortstop . Zaun grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Berken pitching for Orioles . Giambi grounded out to second . Suzuki grounded out to third . Cunningham flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Pie struck out swinging . Andino grounded out to shortstop . Roberts flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Reimold in left field . Berken pitching for Orioles . Hannahan flied out to left . Davis doubled to deep left center . Cabrera grounded out to first , Davis to third . Kennedy doubled to deep center , Davis scored . Cust walked . Holliday walked , Kennedy to third , Cust to second . Giambi doubled to deep right , Kennedy , Cust and Holliday scored . Suzuki popped out to catcher . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Markakis grounded out to second . Jones doubled to deep left . Scott struck out swinging . Huff grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Berken pitching for Orioles . Cunningham doubled to deep left center . Hannahan grounded out to second , Cunningham to third . Davis walked . Cabrera doubled to left , Cunningham and Davis scored . Kennedy doubled to deep left center , Cabrera scored . Hernandez pitching for Orioles . Cust grounded out to first , Kennedy to third . Holliday singled to right , Kennedy scored . Holliday to second on wild pitch by Hernandez . Giambi fouled out to left . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Crosby at first base . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Mora singled to right . Zaun flied out to left . Reimold grounded into double play , third to second to first , Mora out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Orioles . Suzuki singled to center . Cunningham struck out looking . Hannahan struck out looking . Davis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Suzuki out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Andino lined out to second . Roberts lined out to left . Markakis doubled to deep left . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Hernandez pitching for Orioles . Cabrera reached on infield single to third . Kennedy flied out to left . Cust struck out swinging . Holliday doubled to deep center , Cabrera to third . Crosby struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Scott singled to right . Huff reached on infield single to shortstop , Scott to second . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Mora grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Huff out at second , Scott to third . Zaun reached on infield single to shortstop , Scott scored , Mora to second . Reimold homered to left , Mora and Zaun scored . Andino struck out swinging . Roberts grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Baez pitching for Orioles . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Cunningham flied out to center . Hannahan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Markakis struck out looking . Jones singled to deep right center . Scott singled to center , Jones to second . Huff flied out to left . Bailey pitching for Athletics . Mora walked , Jones to third , Scott to second . Zaun struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Sherrill pitching for Orioles . Davis singled to center . Cabrera walked , Davis to second . Kennedy flied out to left . Cust grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Bailey pitching for Athletics . Reimold safe at first on error by pitcher Bailey . Andino struck out swinging . Roberts lined out to center . Markakis grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 4 - Athletics 9 .	Giambi 's 3 - run double helps A 's win 5th straight