Athletics - Top 1st . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Cabrera lined out to shortstop . Kennedy grounded out to first . Cust struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Mazzaro pitching for Athletics . Rowand grounded out to third . Renteria grounded out to third . Winn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Holliday singled to left . Giambi grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Holliday out at second . Powell grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Giambi out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Mazzaro pitching for Athletics . Molina popped out to shortstop . Sandoval lined out to center . Uribe flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Davis popped out to first . Hannahan singled to left . Mazzaro sacrificed to first , Hannahan to second . Cabrera flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Mazzaro pitching for Athletics . Schierholtz grounded out to second . Burriss grounded out to second . Lincecum struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Kennedy singled to right . Cust doubled to deep center , Kennedy thrown out at home . Holliday walked . Giambi struck out swinging . Powell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Mazzaro pitching for Athletics . Rowand struck out looking . Renteria popped out to third . Winn safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Hannahan . Molina flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 5th . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Davis hit by pitch . Hannahan flied out to left . Mazzaro sacrificed to first , Davis to second . Cabrera reached on bunt single to pitcher , Davis to third . Kennedy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Mazzaro pitching for Athletics . Sandoval reached on bunt single to third . Uribe grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sandoval out at second . Schierholtz singled to center , Uribe to second . Burriss walked , Uribe to third , Schierholtz to second . Lincecum singled to center , Uribe scored , Schierholtz to third , Burriss to second . Rowand singled to left , Schierholtz and Burriss scored , Lincecum to second . Renteria grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Rowand out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Cust struck out swinging . Holliday singled to center . Giambi fouled out to catcher . Powell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Mazzaro pitching for Athletics . Winn grounded out to first . Molina singled to left center . Sandoval flied out to left . Uribe singled to right center , Molina to second . Schierholtz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Davis flied out to left . Hannahan grounded out to first . Garciaparra hit for Mazzaro . Garciaparra singled to left center . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Garciaparra out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Casilla pitching for Athletics . Burriss flied out to left . Lincecum grounded out to shortstop . Rowand struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Kennedy flied out to left . Cust grounded out to first . Holliday struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Ed Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Renteria grounded out to shortstop . Winn flied out to center . Molina grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Giambi grounded out to second . Powell grounded out to pitcher . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 0 - Giants 3 .	Lincecum 's seven - hit shutout propels Giants \n\n