Athletics - Top 1st . Wolf pitching for Dodgers . Kennedy walked . Suzuki grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Kennedy out at second . Cust struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Mazzaro pitching for Athletics . Pierre grounded out to second . Furcal struck out swinging . Hudson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Wolf pitching for Dodgers . Holliday struck out swinging . Giambi popped out to shortstop . Cabrera singled to right . Cabrera caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Crosby batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Mazzaro pitching for Athletics . Blake singled to center . Ethier singled to right , Blake to second . Kemp grounded out to second , Blake to third , Ethier to second . Loney intentionally walked . Martin lined out to shortstop . Wolf struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Wolf pitching for Dodgers . Crosby walked . Davis flied out to center . Mazzaro sacrificed to pitcher , Crosby to second . Kennedy walked . Suzuki doubled to left , Crosby scored , Kennedy to third . Cust struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Mazzaro pitching for Athletics . Pierre flied out to left . Furcal fouled out to first . Hudson homered to center . Blake struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Wolf pitching for Dodgers . Holliday doubled to deep left . Giambi flied out to left . Cabrera fouled out to right , Holliday to third . Crosby grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Mazzaro pitching for Athletics . Ethier grounded out to second . Kemp grounded out to third . Loney grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Wolf pitching for Dodgers . Davis singled to center . Mazzaro sacrificed to catcher , Davis to second . Kennedy grounded out to shortstop . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Mazzaro pitching for Athletics . Martin reached on infield single to shortstop . Wolf sacrificed to catcher , Martin to second . Pierre singled to center , Martin scored , Pierre out stretching at second . Furcal grounded out to catcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Wolf pitching for Dodgers . Cust singled to center . Holliday grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cust out at second . Giambi walked , Holliday to second . Cabrera grounded into double play , third to second to first , Giambi out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Mazzaro pitching for Athletics . Hudson grounded out to second . Blake flied out to center . Ethier struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Wade pitching for Dodgers . Crosby flied out to center . Davis hit by pitch . Garciaparra hit for Mazzaro . Garciaparra singled to left , Davis to second , Davis scored advancing on throw . Leach pitching for Dodgers . Kennedy grounded into double play , third to second to first , Garciaparra out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Kemp grounded out to first . Loney hit ground rule double to left . Martin walked . Loretta hit for Leach . Loretta singled to left , Loney scored , Martin to second , Loretta to second , Martin thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Pierre struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Belisario pitching for Dodgers . Suzuki struck out swinging . Cust grounded out to second . Holliday struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Andrew Breslow pitching for Athletics . Furcal walked . Furcal caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Hudson grounded out to pitcher . Springer pitching for Athletics . Blake singled to center . Ethier flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Belisario pitching for Dodgers . Giambi flied out to left . Cabrera reached on infield single to second . Sweeney hit for Crosby . Troncoso pitching for Dodgers . Sweeney grounded into double play , third to second to first , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 2 - Dodgers 3 .	Torre up to fifth on wins list as Dodgers win