Rockies - Top 1st . Mazzaro pitching for Athletics . Fowler struck out swinging . Barmes doubled to left . Helton grounded out to second , Barmes to third . Hawpe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Cook pitching for Rockies . Kennedy grounded out to pitcher . Cust grounded out to third . Holliday reached on infield single to second , Holliday to second on throwing error by second baseman Barmes . Giambi walked . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Giambi out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 2nd . Mazzaro pitching for Athletics . Tulowitzki reached on bunt single to third . Stewart singled to left , Tulowitzki to third . Iannetta grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Tulowitzki scored , Stewart out at second . Gonzalez walked , Iannetta to second . Smith doubled to deep right center , Iannetta scored , Gonzalez to third . Fowler struck out swinging . Barmes walked . Helton grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Cook pitching for Rockies . Cabrera flied out to right . Sweeney singled to left . Powell singled to shallow right , Sweeney to second . Ellis struck out looking . Kennedy flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Mazzaro pitching for Athletics . Hawpe struck out swinging . Tulowitzki walked . Tulowitzki caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Stewart grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Cook pitching for Rockies . Cust flied out to left . Holliday fouled out to first . Giambi lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Mazzaro pitching for Athletics . Iannetta struck out swinging . Gonzalez singled to deep right center . Smith grounded out to shortstop , Gonzalez to second . Fowler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Suzuki grounded out to second . Cabrera popped out to second . Sweeney singled to center . Powell grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Mazzaro pitching for Athletics . Barmes struck out swinging . Helton grounded out to second . Hawpe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Ellis doubled to left . Kennedy struck out swinging . Cust struck out swinging . Holliday grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 6th . Mazzaro pitching for Athletics . Tulowitzki walked . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Stewart popped out to second . Tulowitzki stole second , Tulowitzki safe at third on throwing error by catcher Powell . Iannetta struck out swinging . Gonzalez doubled to deep right center , Tulowitzki scored . Smith struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Giambi flied out to left . Suzuki singled to center . Cabrera singled to center , Suzuki to second . Sweeney grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Casilla pitching for Athletics . Fowler bunt grounded out to pitcher . Barmes fouled out to third . Helton tripled to deep left center . Hawpe struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Powell flied out to left . Ellis grounded out to second . Kennedy lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Tulowitzki lined out to third . Stewart doubled to deep right . Iannetta grounded out to third . Gonzalez walked . Smith grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Cust struck out swinging . Holliday lined out to left . Giambi singled to deep left center , Giambi out stretching at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Bailey pitching for Athletics . Fowler struck out swinging . Barmes reached on infield single to shortstop . Helton struck out looking . Hawpe grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Barmes out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Suzuki reached on infield single to second . Street pitching for Rockies . Cabrera singled to left center , Suzuki to second . Sweeney singled to center , Suzuki scored , Cabrera to third . Garciaparra hit for Powell . Garciaparra struck out swinging . Ellis struck out swinging . Kennedy flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 3 - Athletics 1 .	Cook wins fifth straight as Rockies sweep A 's