Athletics - Top 1st . Mitre pitching for Yankees . Kennedy flied out to left . Cabrera singled to center . Cabrera stole second . Hairston doubled to deep center , Cabrera scored . Cust singled to left , Hairston to third . Suzuki singled to center , Hairston scored , Cust to second . Sweeney grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Suzuki out at second , Cust to third . Barton grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Braden pitching for Athletics . Jeter singled to center . Damon walked , Jeter to second . Teixeira struck out swinging . Posada popped out to second . Matsui singled to left center , Jeter scored , Damon to second . Swisher walked , Damon to third , Matsui to second . Cano doubled to deep right center , Damon , Matsui and Swisher scored , Cano thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Mitre pitching for Yankees . Ellis flied out to center . Patterson grounded out to first . Kennedy singled to center . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kennedy out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Braden pitching for Athletics . Cabrera fouled out to catcher . Ransom flied out to right . Jeter walked . Damon grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Mitre pitching for Yankees . Hairston hit by pitch . Cust grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Hairston out at second . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Braden pitching for Athletics . Teixeira grounded out to shortstop . Posada singled to left center . Matsui flied out to right . Swisher struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Mitre pitching for Yankees . Sweeney singled to left . Barton singled to right , Sweeney to third . Ellis hit sacrifice fly to right , Sweeney scored . Patterson grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Barton safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Mitre . Kennedy grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Patterson out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Braden pitching for Athletics . Cano lined out to first . Cabrera singled to center . Ransom doubled to deep left , Cabrera to third . Jeter flied out to right . Damon popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Mitre pitching for Yankees . Cabrera singled to right . Hairston grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cabrera out at second . Cust struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Braden pitching for Athletics . Teixeira flied out to left . Posada grounded out to shortstop . Matsui walked . Swisher grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Mitre pitching for Yankees . Suzuki singled to center . Coke pitching for Yankees . Sweeney flied out to left . Barton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Suzuki out at second . Barton to second on wild pitch by Coke . Ellis homered to left , Barton scored . Patterson singled to right . Kennedy grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Braden pitching for Athletics . Cano grounded out to second . Cabrera walked . Ransom doubled to left , Cabrera to third . Jeter singled to center , Cabrera and Ransom scored . Jeter picked off first . Damon doubled to deep right . Teixeira singled to center , Damon scored . Posada walked , Teixeira to second . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Matsui popped out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Cabrera flied out to center . Hairston struck out swinging . Cust struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Andrew Breslow pitching for Athletics . Swisher doubled to deep right . Cano flied out to center , Swisher to third . Cabrera walked . Springer pitching for Athletics . Ransom struck out swinging . Jeter grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Suzuki struck out swinging . Sweeney walked . Barton doubled to deep right , Sweeney to third . Bruney pitching for Yankees . Crosby ran for Barton . Ellis struck out swinging . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Garciaparra hit for Patterson . Garciaparra grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Crosby at first base . Davis in center field . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Damon flied out to left . Teixeira doubled to deep right . Posada struck out swinging . Matsui flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Kennedy struck out looking . Cabrera struck out swinging . Hairston grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 5 - Yankees 7 .	Yankees cap 9 - 1 homestand with win vs. A 's