Athletics - Top 1st . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Kennedy struck out swinging . Cabrera safe at first on error by pitcher Beckett . Hairston struck out swinging . Cust flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Ellsbury flied out to center . Pedroia homered to left . Youkilis walked . Ortiz struck out swinging . Bay grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Youkilis out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Suzuki lined out to right . Sweeney doubled to deep left center . Ellis struck out looking . Crosby struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Drew struck out looking . LaRoche doubled to deep right . Varitek struck out swinging . Lowrie lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Patterson reached on infield single to third . Kennedy popped into double play , first to pitcher to second , Patterson out at first . Cabrera popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Ellsbury tripled to deep right . Pedroia hit sacrifice fly to left , Ellsbury scored . Youkilis grounded out to shortstop . Ortiz struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Hairston struck out swinging . Cust struck out swinging . Suzuki grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Bay walked . Drew singled to right , Bay to second . LaRoche doubled to deep left center , Bay scored , Drew to third . Varitek singled to right , Drew scored , LaRoche to third . Lowrie flied out to right . Ellsbury reached on infield single to shortstop , LaRoche scored , Varitek to second . Pedroia grounded into double play , third to second to first , Ellsbury out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Sweeney struck out swinging . Ellis grounded out to second . Crosby fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Youkilis singled to left . Ortiz singled to center , Youkilis to third . Bay singled to center , Youkilis scored , Ortiz to second . Drew struck out swinging . LaRoche grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Bay out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Patterson flied out to center . Kennedy singled to deep right center . Cabrera singled to right , Kennedy to second . Hairston struck out swinging . Cust walked , Kennedy to third , Cabrera to second . Suzuki singled to right , Kennedy scored , Cabrera to third , Cust to second . Sweeney struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Casilla pitching for Athletics . Varitek walked . Lowrie flied out to right . Ellsbury singled to center , Varitek to second . Pedroia flied out to left . Youkilis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Ellis doubled to deep center . Crosby flied out to center , Ellis to third . Patterson hit sacrifice fly to right , Ellis scored . Kennedy singled to center . Cabrera struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Ed Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Ortiz grounded out to first . Bay walked . Drew doubled to deep left , Bay to third . LaRoche grounded out to pitcher . Varitek intentionally walked . Lowrie hit ground rule double to shallow left , Bay and Drew scored , Varitek to third . Ellsbury grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Hairston tripled to deep center . Bard pitching for Red Sox . Cust struck out swinging . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop , Hairston scored . Sweeney reached on infield single to shortstop . Ellis struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Davis in center field . Patterson in left field . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Pedroia singled to right center . Youkilis grounded into double play , third to second to first , Pedroia out at second . Ortiz lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox . Crosby popped out to first . Patterson grounded out to shortstop . Kennedy grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 3 - Red Sox 8 .	Beckett gets 12th win as Red Sox stomp A 's