Blue Jays - Top 1st . Mazzaro pitching for Athletics . Bautista walked . Bautista to second on wild pitch by Mazzaro . Hill homered to left , Bautista scored . Lind doubled to deep left . Overbay walked . Wells walked , Lind to third , Overbay to second . Rios doubled to deep left center , Lind , Overbay and Wells scored . Encarnacion flied out to left . Barajas grounded out to shortstop . McDonald flied out to center . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Kennedy struck out swinging . Davis reached on infield single to shortstop . Suzuki grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Davis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Mazzaro pitching for Athletics . Bautista singled to center . Hill singled to right , Bautista to second . Lind singled to right , Bautista scored , Hill to third . Overbay struck out swinging . Wells grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hill out at home , Lind to second . Rios fouled out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Hairston singled to center . Cust walked , Hairston to second . Everidge popped out to second . Crosby grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cust out at second , Hairston to third . Ellis singled to right , Hairston scored , Crosby to third . Pennington grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Mazzaro pitching for Athletics . Encarnacion struck out swinging . Barajas singled to center . McDonald doubled to deep left , Barajas to third . Bautista flied out to center . Hill popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Kennedy fouled out to third . Davis doubled to left . Suzuki singled to right , Davis scored . Hairston popped out to second . Cust grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Mazzaro pitching for Athletics . Lind doubled to first . Overbay grounded out to first , Lind to third . Wells struck out swinging . Rios popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Everidge hit by pitch . Crosby grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Everidge out at second . Ellis grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Crosby out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Mazzaro pitching for Athletics . Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop . Barajas homered to left . McDonald grounded out to first . Bautista struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Pennington singled to center . Kennedy struck out swinging . Davis grounded out to first , Pennington to second . Suzuki grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Springer pitching for Athletics . Hill fouled out to first . Lind grounded out to first . Overbay flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Hairston grounded out to pitcher . Cust struck out swinging . Everidge doubled to deep right , Everidge to third on error by right fielder Rios . Crosby struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Springer pitching for Athletics . Wells singled to left . Rios lined out to left . Encarnacion struck out swinging , Wells stole second . Barajas flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Ellis flied out to center . Pennington flied out to right . Kennedy doubled to deep right . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Ed Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . McDonald flied out to center . Bautista grounded out to second . Hill struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Roenicke pitching for Blue Jays . Suzuki grounded out to second . Hairston struck out swinging . Cust walked . Everidge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Lind walked . Overbay fouled out to catcher . Wells grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lind out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Accardo pitching for Blue Jays . Crosby struck out swinging . Ellis popped out to first . Pennington grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 7 - Athletics 2 .	Blue Jays jump all over A 's Mazzaro in first