Yankees - Top 1st . Mazzaro pitching for Athletics . Jeter reached on infield single to second . Damon grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jeter out at second . Teixeira popped out to second . Damon stole second . Damon safe at third on throwing error by catcher Suzuki . Rodriguez hit by pitch . Matsui walked , Rodriguez to second . Posada struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Kennedy struck out swinging . Davis popped out to second . Suzuki homered to left . Hairston grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Mazzaro pitching for Athletics . Cano struck out looking . Swisher grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera doubled to deep left center . Jeter safe at first on error by third baseman Kennedy , Cabrera scored . Damon singled to shallow right , Jeter to second . Teixeira flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Garciaparra struck out swinging . Ellis struck out swinging . Everidge homered to left . Sweeney struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Mazzaro pitching for Athletics . Rodriguez singled to deep right center . Rodriguez to second on wild pitch by Mazzaro . Matsui grounded out to third , Rodriguez to third . Posada hit ground rule double to deep left , Rodriguez scored . Cano flied out to left . Posada out at third on runner 's fielder 's choice . Swisher batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Pennington bunt grounded out to catcher . Kennedy struck out swinging . Davis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Mazzaro pitching for Athletics . Swisher reached on infield single to shortstop . Cabrera flied out to center . Jeter singled to right , Swisher to second . Damon walked , Swisher to third , Jeter to second . Teixeira grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Damon out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Suzuki grounded out to third . Hairston singled to left . Garciaparra doubled to left center , Hairston to third . Ellis lined out to right . Everidge intentionally walked . Sweeney grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Mazzaro pitching for Athletics . Rodriguez walked . Matsui flied out to center . Posada grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Rodriguez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Pennington fouled out to third . Kennedy struck out swinging . Davis bunt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Marshall pitching for Athletics . Cano grounded out to pitcher . Swisher doubled to deep left center . Swisher to third on passed ball by Suzuki . Cabrera hit by pitch . Jeter singled to left center , Swisher scored , Cabrera to second . Damon doubled to left , Cabrera scored , Jeter to third . Casilla pitching for Athletics . Teixeira intentionally walked . Rodriguez walked , Jeter scored , Damon to third , Teixeira to second . Matsui singled to left , Damon scored , Teixeira to third , Rodriguez to second . Posada hit sacrifice fly to center , Teixeira scored , Rodriguez to third . Cano grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Rodriguez out at home , Matsui to second . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Suzuki grounded out to third . Hairston grounded out to shortstop . Garciaparra lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Casilla pitching for Athletics . Swisher grounded out to catcher . Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop . Jeter grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cabrera safe at third on error by second baseman Ellis . Damon grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Jeter out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Ellis grounded out to second . Everidge grounded out to second . Sweeney singled to center . Pennington grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Gray pitching for Athletics . Teixeira struck out swinging . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Matsui reached on infield single to second . Hinske ran for Matsui . Posada flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Kennedy struck out swinging . Davis popped out to first . Suzuki grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Gray pitching for Athletics . Cano grounded out to first . Swisher struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Robertson pitching for Yankees . Hairston walked . Garciaparra walked , Hairston to second . Ellis struck out swinging . Everidge struck out swinging . Hairston to third , Garciaparra to second on wild pitch by Robertson . Sweeney flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 7 - Athletics 2 .	Jeter backs Sabathia as Yankees defeat A 's