Angels - Top 1st . Valdez pitching for Astros . Fletcher grounded out to pitcher . Ohtani struck out swinging . Trout struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Sandoval pitching for Angels . Springer lined out to right . Altuve grounded out to second . Correa grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Valdez pitching for Astros . Rendon reached on infield single to shortstop . Pujols lined out to center . Adell lined out to center . Upton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Sandoval pitching for Angels . Tucker homered to right center ( 404 feet ) . Gurriel doubled to deep right center . Brantley lined out to left . Reddick singled to left center , Gurriel scored . Maldonado singled to left , Reddick to second . Mayfield grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Maldonado out at second , Reddick to third . Springer struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Valdez pitching for Astros . Simmons walked . Bemboom sacrificed to third , Simmons to second . Simmons stole third . Fletcher reached on infield single to first , Simmons scored . Ohtani grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Fletcher safe at second on fielding error by second baseman Altuve . Trout flied out to center . Rendon lined out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Sandoval pitching for Angels . Altuve walked . Correa grounded out to third , Altuve to second . Tucker walked . Gurriel grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Altuve scored on throwing error by shortstop Simmons , Gurriel to second , Tucker out at second . Brantley doubled to right , Gurriel scored . Brantley to third on wild pitch by Sandoval . Reddick singled to right , Brantley scored . Maldonado singled to left , Reddick to second . Ramirez pitching for Angels . Mayfield grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Maldonado out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 4th . Valdez pitching for Astros . Pujols grounded out to first . Adell struck out swinging . Upton homered to right ( 362 feet ) . Simmons struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Ramirez pitching for Angels . Springer struck out swinging . Altuve struck out swinging . Correa grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Valdez pitching for Astros . Bemboom struck out swinging . Fletcher singled to center . Ohtani grounded out to first , Fletcher to second . Trout walked . Rendon singled to shallow center , Fletcher scored , Trout to third . Pujols singled to left , Trout scored on error , Rendon to second , Rendon safe at third on fielding error by left fielder Tucker . Adell struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Bottom 5th . Middleton pitching for Angels . Tucker flied out to right . Gurriel flied out to left . Brantley grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Valdez pitching for Astros . Upton grounded out to third . Simmons struck out swinging . Bemboom struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Middleton pitching for Angels . Reddick walked . Barnes pitching for Angels . Maldonado walked , Reddick to second . Mayfield sacrificed to third , Maldonado to second , Reddick to third . Springer hit by pitch . Straw ran for Springer . Mayers pitching for Angels . Altuve struck out swinging . Correa doubled to left , Reddick scored , Straw scored and Maldonado scored . Tucker doubled to deep right , Correa scored . Gurriel grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Straw in center field . Valdez pitching for Astros . Fletcher grounded out to third . Ohtani struck out looking . Trout struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Robles pitching for Angels . Brantley doubled to deep left . Reddick grounded out to second , Brantley to third . Maldonado walked . Mayfield struck out looking . Straw doubled to deep center , Brantley scored and Maldonado scored . Altuve lined out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Stubbs catching . Pérez pitching for Astros . Rendon grounded out to third . Pujols struck out swinging . Adell lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Castro catching . Anthony Bemboom pitching for Angels . Correa flied out to center . Tucker walked . Jones hit for Gurriel . Jones flied out to center . Brantley flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Toro at third base . Jones at first base . Mayfield at second base . Perez pitching for Astros . Upton flied out to left . Simmons struck out swinging . Bemboom walked . Fletcher singled to right , Bemboom to second . Castro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 4 - Astros 11 .	Valdez fans career - high 11 as Astros beat Angels 11 - 4