Angels - Top 1st . Urquidy pitching for Astros . Rengifo lined out to second . Upton grounded out to shortstop . Trout walked . Rendon lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Peters pitching for Angels . Springer homered to left ( 425 feet ) . Díaz struck out swinging . Brantley popped out to third . Gurriel struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Urquidy pitching for Astros . Pujols walked . Adell lined out to left . Ward grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Pujols out at second . Barreto struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Peters pitching for Angels . Tucker safe at first on fielding error by left fielder Upton , Tucker safe at second on error . Correa singled to left , Tucker to third . Reddick homered to right ( 397 feet ) , Tucker scored and Correa scored . Mayfield popped out to second . Stubbs grounded out to first . Bedrosian pitching for Angels . Springer struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 3rd . Urquidy pitching for Astros . Briceño singled to center . Rengifo struck out swinging . Upton grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Briceño out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Bedrosian pitching for Angels . Díaz popped out to second . Brantley flied out to center . Gurriel lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Urquidy pitching for Astros . Trout doubled to left . Rendon grounded out to first , Trout to third . Pujols singled to left center , Trout scored . Adell singled to right , Pujols to second . Ward walked , Adell to second , Pujols to third . Barreto grounded out to shortstop , Pujols scored , Ward to second , Adell to third . Peacock pitching for Astros . Briceño lined out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Bedrosian pitching for Angels . Tucker flied out to left . Correa struck out swinging . Reddick grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Peacock pitching for Astros . Rengifo singled to center . Upton hit by pitch , Rengifo to second . Trout flied out to right , Upton to second , Rengifo to third . Rendon struck out looking . Pujols singled to right , Rengifo scored and Upton scored . Adell struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Barnes pitching for Angels . Mayfield singled to center , Mayfield safe at second on throwing error by center fielder Adell . Stubbs flied out to center . Springer homered to center ( 400 feet ) , Mayfield scored . Díaz popped out to shortstop . Brantley grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 6th . Castellanos pitching for Astros . Ward struck out looking . Barreto struck out swinging . Ohtani hit for Briceño . Ohtani struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Bemboom catching . Ramirez pitching for Angels . Gurriel lined out to first . Tucker reached on infield single to third . Tucker stole second . Correa safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Barreto , Tucker safe at third on error . Reddick fouled out to catcher . Mayfield grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Correa out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Angels - Top 7th . Castellanos pitching for Astros . Rengifo grounded out to third . Upton singled to center . Trout walked , Upton to second . Rendon homered to left ( 386 feet ) , Upton scored and Trout scored . Pujols grounded out to third . Adell struck out looking . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Toro hit for Stubbs . Buttrey pitching for Angels . Toro struck out swinging . Springer lined out to center . Díaz grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 7 - Astros 6 .	Trout sets franchise HR mark , Angels take 2 from Astros