Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Urquidy pitching for Astros . Rojas walked . Smith lined out to right . Walker struck out swinging , Rojas caught stealing second , catcher to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks . Springer reached on infield single to pitcher . Altuve lined out to left . Bregman singled to left center , Springer to second . Brantley struck out looking . Springer stole third . Gurriel grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bregman out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Urquidy pitching for Astros . Calhoun flied out to center . Escobar reached on infield single to second . Peralta singled to left , Escobar to second . Ahmed grounded into double play , second to first , Peralta out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks . Tucker lined out to shortstop . Correa struck out looking . Straw lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Urquidy pitching for Astros . Varsho fouled out to catcher . Kelly lined out to shortstop . Rojas grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks . Garneau walked . Springer lined out to center . Altuve struck out swinging . Bregman grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Garneau out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Urquidy pitching for Astros . Smith singled to right center . Walker singled to shallow right center , Smith to third . Calhoun walked , Walker to second . Escobar grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Smith scored , Calhoun out at second , Walker to third . Peralta flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks . Brantley struck out looking . Gurriel popped out to first . Tucker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Urquidy pitching for Astros . Ahmed homered to center ( 410 feet ) . Varsho lined out to center . Kelly lined out to pitcher . Rojas grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks . Correa flied out to left . Straw struck out swinging . Garneau struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Urquidy pitching for Astros . Smith struck out swinging . Walker popped out to catcher . Calhoun reached on infield single to pitcher . Calhoun stole second . Escobar flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . VanMeter at second base . Widener pitching for Diamondbacks . Springer homered to center ( 411 feet ) . Altuve grounded out to second . Bregman walked . Brantley flied out to left . Gurriel singled to right center , Bregman to second . Tucker walked , Gurriel to second , Bregman to third . López pitching for Diamondbacks . Correa struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Scrubb pitching for Astros . Peralta struck out swinging . Ahmed struck out swinging . Varsho grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Rondón pitching for Diamondbacks . Straw lined out to center . Garneau flied out to center . Springer homered to right ( 352 feet ) . Altuve grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Scrubb pitching for Astros . Kelly grounded out to shortstop . Taylor pitching for Astros . VanMeter struck out looking . Smith reached on infield single to shortstop . Walker grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Guerra pitching for Diamondbacks . Bregman hit by pitch . Brantley walked , Bregman to second . Gurriel lined out to second . Tucker walked , Brantley to second , Bregman to third . Correa hit sacrifice fly to right , Bregman scored on error , Tucker safe at second on throwing error by right fielder Calhoun , Brantley to third . Straw struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Pressly pitching for Astros . Calhoun flied out to left . Escobar struck out swinging . Peralta grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 2 - Astros 3 .	Springer hits inside - the - park HR , Astros top D - backs 3 - 2