Athletics - Top 1st . Greinke pitching for Astros . Semien flied out to right . La Stella grounded out to third . Pinder grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Montas pitching for Athletics . Springer grounded out to third . Altuve lined out to second . Brantley lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Greinke pitching for Astros . Davis struck out swinging . Olson singled to right center . Canha singled to center , Olson to second . Laureano homered to center ( 449 feet ) , Olson scored and Canha scored . Grossman fouled out to third . Murphy grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Montas pitching for Athletics . Bregman singled to center . Tucker popped out to shortstop . Correa grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bregman out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Greinke pitching for Astros . Semien singled to center . La Stella lined into double play , second to first , Semien doubled off first . Pinder struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Montas pitching for Athletics . Gurriel safe at second on fielding error by first baseman Olson . Reddick grounded out to second , Gurriel to third . Maldonado struck out swinging . Springer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 4th . Greinke pitching for Astros . Davis struck out looking . Olson flied out to right . Canha struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Montas pitching for Athletics . Altuve walked . Brantley homered to right ( 391 feet ) , Altuve scored . Bregman singled to right center . Tucker singled to left center , Bregman to second . Correa homered to left ( 427 feet ) , Bregman scored and Tucker scored . Gurriel grounded out to shortstop . Reddick singled to left . Maldonado struck out swinging . Springer singled to left , Reddick to second . Wendelken pitching for Athletics . Altuve flied out to right . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Greinke pitching for Astros . Laureano homered to left center ( 422 feet ) . Grossman grounded out to first . Murphy grounded out to third . Semien walked . Taylor pitching for Astros . La Stella fouled out to catcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Wendelken pitching for Athletics . Brantley homered to right ( 408 feet ) . Bregman walked . Minor pitching for Athletics . Tucker singled to right , Bregman to third . Correa singled to left , Bregman scored , Tucker to second . Gurriel grounded into double play , third to second , Correa out at second , Tucker out at third . Reddick walked , Gurriel to second . Trivino pitching for Athletics . Maldonado struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Javier pitching for Astros . Pinder struck out swinging . Davis struck out swinging . Olson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Soria pitching for Athletics . Springer grounded out to second . Altuve walked . Brantley singled to left , Altuve to second . Bregman popped out to first . Tucker singled to center , Altuve scored , Brantley to second . Correa singled to right , Brantley scored , Tucker to third . Gurriel popped out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Javier pitching for Astros . Canha fouled out to first . Laureano grounded out to third . Grossman doubled to right . Murphy singled to left , Grossman to third . Semien flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Diekman pitching for Athletics . Reddick struck out swinging . Maldonado hit by pitch . Springer struck out swinging . Altuve homered to center ( 428 feet ) , Maldonado scored . Brantley lined out to right . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Springer in right field . Straw in center field . Javier pitching for Astros . La Stella doubled to deep center . Pinder struck out swinging . Davis hit by pitch . Paredes pitching for Astros . Davis to second on passed ball by Maldonado , La Stella to third on passed ball by Maldonado . Olson struck out swinging . Canha grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . McFarland pitching for Athletics . Bregman struck out swinging . Tucker flied out to center . Correa walked . Gurriel grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Pressly pitching for Astros . Laureano grounded out to third . Grossman reached on infield single to third . Murphy grounded out to shortstop , Grossman to second . Semien singled to left , Grossman scored . Semien to second on fielder 's indifference . Semien to third on fielder 's indifference . La Stella reached on infield single to first , Semien scored . Pinder walked , La Stella to second . Davis struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 6 - Astros 11 .	Correa powers Astros past A 's 11 - 6 to clinch ALDS