Giants - Top 1st. May pitching for Dodgers. Yastrzemski safe at first on fielding error by shortstop Seager. Flores flied out to right. Sandoval reached on infield single to second, Yastrzemski hit by batted ball out at second. Dickerson reached on infield single to shortstop, Sandoval to second. Pence grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Cueto pitching for Giants. Muncy flied out to left. Betts struck out swinging. Bellinger fouled out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. May pitching for Dodgers. McCarthy struck out swinging. Dubon grounded out to third. Crawford grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Cueto pitching for Giants. Turner hit by pitch. Seager grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Turner out at second. Hernández singled to right. Pederson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. May pitching for Dodgers. Heineman reached on bunt single to third. Yastrzemski singled to right, Heineman to second. Flores singled to center, Yastrzemski to second, Heineman to third. Sandoval hit sacrifice fly to left, Heineman scored. Dickerson struck out swinging. Pence grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Cueto pitching for Giants. Pollock struck out looking. Barnes struck out swinging. Muncy doubled to deep right center. Betts grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. May pitching for Dodgers. McCarthy flied out to center. Dubon struck out swinging. Crawford grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Cueto pitching for Giants. Bellinger grounded out to second. Turner grounded out to third. Seager doubled to left. Hernández singled to center, Seager scored. Pederson singled to deep right, Hernández to third. Pollock walked, Pederson to second. Barnes grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pederson out at third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. May pitching for Dodgers. Heineman singled to right. Yastrzemski singled to right, Heineman to third. Flores struck out looking. Ferguson pitching for Dodgers. Sandoval grounded into double play, pitcher to second to third, Yastrzemski out at second, Heineman out at third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Smyly pitching for Giants. Muncy struck out looking. Betts safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Flores. Bellinger walked, Betts to second. Turner lined out to center, Betts to third. Seager struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Top 6th. Báez pitching for Dodgers. Dickerson fouled out to right. Pence struck out swinging. McCarthy popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Garcia pitching for Giants. Hernández popped out to second. Pederson grounded out to first. Pollock singled to right. Barnes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pollock out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Baez pitching for Dodgers. Dubon struck out swinging. Solano hit for Crawford. Kolarek pitching for Dodgers. Solano grounded out to shortstop. Heineman flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Dubon at shortstop. Solano at second base. Rogers pitching for Giants. Muncy grounded out to second. Betts singled to left. Bellinger doubled to shallow left, Betts to third. Turner grounded into fielder's choice to second, Betts scored, Bellinger third. Seager grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Seager to second, Turner to third, Bellinger out at home in rundown. Hernández singled to right, Turner scored and Seager scored, Hernández to second. Jimenez pitching for Giants. Pederson walked. Pollock walked, Pederson to second, Hernández to third. Barnes reached on infield single to shortstop, Hernández scored, Pollock to second, Pederson to third. Muncy walked, Pederson scored, Barnes to second, Pollock to third. Betts struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Kolarek pitching for Dodgers. Yastrzemski struck out looking. Flores struck out looking. Sandoval lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Menez pitching for Giants. Bellinger popped out to pitcher. Turner doubled to right. Seager grounded out to shortstop, Turner to third. Hernández homered to left (338 feet), Turner scored. Taylor hit for Pederson. Taylor lined out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Taylor in left field. Graterol pitching for Dodgers. Dickerson singled to left. Pence grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Dickerson out at second. McCarthy grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 1 - Dodgers 8.	Hernandez 5 RBIs, Dodgers beat Giants 8-1 in fan-less opener