Giants - Top 1st. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Solano grounded out to shortstop. Yastrzemski homered to right (399 feet). Longoria singled to center. Flores struck out swinging. Ruf reached on infield single to second, Longoria to second. Dickerson singled to right, Longoria scored, Ruf to second. Bart singled to deep right, Ruf scored, Dickerson to third. Robertson singled to left, Dickerson scored, Bart to second. Dubon walked, Robertson to second, Bart to third. Solano struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Webb pitching for Giants. Tapia walked. Story singled to right, Tapia to second. Arenado grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Story out at second, Tapia to third. Blackmon struck out swinging. Pillar flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Yastrzemski singled to center. Longoria grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Yastrzemski out at second. Flores reached on infield single to third, Longoria to second. Ruf fouled out to first. Dickerson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Webb pitching for Giants. Hampson homered to left (407 feet). Hilliard flied out to center. Fuentes grounded out to third. Wolters struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. González pitching for Rockies. Bart safe at first on fielding error by second baseman Hampson. Bart to second on wild pitch by González. Robertson singled to deep center, Bart to third. Dubon struck out swinging. Solano struck out swinging. Yastrzemski singled to left, Bart scored, Robertson to third. Longoria grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Webb pitching for Giants. Tapia singled to shallow center. Story popped into double play, shortstop to first, Tapia doubled off first. Arenado grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Rockies. Flores walked. Ruf struck out swinging. Dickerson doubled to deep center, Flores to third. Bart hit by pitch. Robertson walked, Flores scored, Bart to second, Dickerson to third. Dubon grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Robertson out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Webb pitching for Giants. Blackmon walked. Pillar grounded into fielder's choice to third, Blackmon out at second. Pillar stole second. Hampson lined out to center, Pillar to third. Hilliard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Castellani pitching for Rockies. Solano flied out to right. Yastrzemski struck out swinging. Longoria reached on infield single to pitcher. Flores singled to deep left, Longoria to second. Sandoval hit for Ruf. Sandoval grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Sandoval as designated hitter. Webb pitching for Giants. Fuentes singled to center. Wolters grounded into fielder's choice to first, Fuentes out at second. Tapia grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wolters out at second. Story doubled to deep left, Tapia scored. Arenado struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Castellani pitching for Rockies. Dickerson lined out to left. Bart grounded out to third. Robertson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Webb pitching for Giants. Blackmon struck out swinging. Pillar singled to left. Hampson reached on bunt single to catcher, Pillar to second. García pitching for Giants. Hilliard singled to shallow right, Pillar scored, Hampson to third. Fuentes hit sacrifice fly to right, Hampson scored. Kemp hit for Wolters. Kemp walked, Hilliard to second. Kemp to second on balk, Hilliard to third on balk. Tapia lined out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Butera catching. Givens pitching for Rockies. Dubon hit by pitch. Solano struck out swinging. Yastrzemski grounded into fielder's choice to second, Dubon out at second. Longoria flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Coonrod pitching for Giants. Story walked. Story to second on wild pitch by Coonrod. Arenado singled to deep right, Story to third. Blackmon doubled to deep right, Story scored, Arenado to third. Rogers pitching for Giants. Pillar tripled to deep left center, Arenado scored and Blackmon scored. Hampson lined out to shortstop. Hilliard homered to left (371 feet), Pillar scored. Fuentes singled to center. Butera struck out swinging. Tapia struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Estévez pitching for Rockies. Flores grounded out to shortstop. Sandoval struck out swinging. Dickerson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Baragar pitching for Giants. Story singled to right. Arenado fouled out to first. Story stole second, Story safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Flores. Blackmon grounded into fielder's choice to first, Story out at home. Blackmon stole second. Pillar grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Giants - Top 9th. Bard pitching for Rockies. Bart grounded out to shortstop. Crawford hit for Robertson. Crawford struck out swinging. Belt hit for Dubon. Belt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 6 - Rockies 9.	Hampson, Hilliard HR, Rockies bounce back, beat Giants 9-6