Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Anderson pitching for Giants. Locastro lined out to right. Marte homered to left (385 feet). Walker flied out to right. Escobar struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks. Yastrzemski struck out looking. Dickerson singled to right. Longoria flied out to right. Belt doubled to right, Dickerson scored. Flores walked. Solano walked, Flores to second, Belt to third. Crawford lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Anderson pitching for Giants. Calhoun flied out to right. Ahmed hit ground rule double to deep left center. Rojas flied out to right, Ahmed to third. An. Young grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks. Bart safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Escobar. Dubon grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bart out at second. Yastrzemski popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Anderson pitching for Giants. Varsho singled to center. Locastro sacrificed to first, Varsho to second. Marte doubled to shallow left, Varsho scored. Walker walked. Escobar flied out to right. Calhoun popped out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks. Dickerson doubled to deep center. Longoria grounded out to second, Dickerson to third. Belt walked. Flores struck out swinging. Solano reached on infield single to shortstop, Dickerson scored, Belt to second. Crawford grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Anderson pitching for Giants. Ahmed singled to center. Rojas singled to right center, Rojas to second, Ahmed to third. An. Young struck out swinging. Varsho singled to deep right, Ahmed scored and Rojas scored. Locastro popped out to shortstop. Marte grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks. Bart singled to shallow center. Dubon doubled to deep left, Bart scored. Bergen pitching for Diamondbacks. Yastrzemski walked. Dickerson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Yastrzemski out at second, Dubon to third. Longoria struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Coonrod pitching for Giants. Walker walked. Escobar doubled to deep right, Walker to third. Calhoun hit sacrifice fly to right, Walker scored, Escobar to third. Ahmed singled to left center, Escobar scored. Suárez pitching for Giants. Rojas grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ahmed out at second. An. Young flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. López pitching for Diamondbacks. Belt flied out to right. Flores hit ground rule double to deep left. Solano struck out swinging. Crawford reached on infield single to shortstop, Flores scored. Bart flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Suarez pitching for Giants. Varsho lined out to center. Locastro lined out to second. Marte doubled to deep right. Gott pitching for Giants. Walker grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Guerra pitching for Diamondbacks. Dubon struck out swinging. Yastrzemski reached on infield single to pitcher. Dickerson walked, Yastrzemski to second. Longoria grounded into double play, third to second to first, Dickerson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Selman pitching for Giants. Escobar fouled out to first. Calhoun struck out swinging. Ahmed popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Rondón pitching for Diamondbacks. Belt homered to right (425 feet). Flores struck out swinging. Solano lined out to left. Crawford flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Selman pitching for Giants. Rojas flied out to center. An. Young flied out to right. Varsho flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Crichton pitching for Diamondbacks. Bart singled to left. Duggar ran for Bart. Dubon singled to left, Duggar to second. Yastrzemski hit by pitch, Dubon to second, Duggar to third. Dickerson flied into double play, right to first to shortstop, Dubon thrown out at second. Longoria grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Tromp catching. Peralta pitching for Giants. Locastro flied out to right. Marte reached on infield single to third. Walker singled to right, Marte to second. Escobar flied out to right. Calhoun struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 9th. Ginkel pitching for Diamondbacks. Belt flied out to right. Flores walked. Robertson ran for Flores. Solano flied out to center. Crawford struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 6 - Giants 5.	Marte 4 hits as Diamondbacks end 5-game skid, top Giants 6-5