Giants - Top 1st. Newsome pitching for Mariners. Yastrzemski walked. Dickerson reached on infield single to third, Yastrzemski to second. Flores grounded into fielder's choice to third, Dickerson out at second, Yastrzemski to third. Belt fouled out to third. Solano reached on infield single to shortstop, Yastrzemski scored, Flores to second. Longoria struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Smyly pitching for Giants. Crawford flied out to center. Moore singled to center. Lewis singled to center, Moore to second. Seager struck out swinging. France flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Newsome pitching for Mariners. Crawford doubled to left. Bart popped out to second. Dubon singled to deep left, Crawford scored, Dubon out stretching at second. Yastrzemski grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Smyly pitching for Giants. Torrens struck out swinging. White struck out swinging. Lopes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Newsome pitching for Mariners. Dickerson doubled to deep left. Flores popped out to second. Belt homered to right center (423 feet), Dickerson scored. Solano flied out to center. Longoria homered to left (368 feet). Crawford doubled to deep left. Bart grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Smyly pitching for Giants. Ervin struck out swinging. Crawford lined out to third. Moore struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Swanson pitching for Mariners. Dubon walked. Yastrzemski doubled to deep center, Dubon scored. Yastrzemski to third on wild pitch by Swanson. Dickerson singled to right, Yastrzemski scored. Flores flied out to center. Belt singled to center, Dickerson to second. Solano singled to right, Belt to second, Dickerson to third. Sadler pitching for Mariners. Dickerson scored, Solano to second on passed ball by Torrens, Belt to third on passed ball by Torrens. Longoria struck out swinging. Crawford struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Smyly pitching for Giants. Lewis struck out swinging. Seager walked. France singled to left, Seager to second. Torrens doubled to deep left, Seager scored, France to third. White struck out looking. Baragar pitching for Giants. Lopes walked. Ervin walked, France scored, Lopes to second, Torrens to third. Crawford walked, Torrens scored, Ervin to second, Lopes to third. Cahill pitching for Giants. Moore struck out looking. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Sadler pitching for Mariners. Bart struck out swinging. Dubon struck out swinging. Yastrzemski struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Cahill pitching for Giants. Lewis singled to right. Seager struck out swinging. France fouled out to first. Lewis caught stealing second, catcher to second. Trevor Cahill pitches to Luis Torrens. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Sadler pitching for Mariners. Dickerson grounded out to second. Flores lined out to left. Belt grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Cahill pitching for Giants. Torrens walked. White struck out swinging. Lopes reached on infield single to catcher, Torrens to second. Ervin struck out looking. Selman pitching for Giants. Crawford struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Brennan pitching for Mariners. Solano struck out swinging. Longoria grounded out to first. Crawford homered to center (407 feet). Bart reached on infield single to shortstop. Dubon grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bart out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Coonrod pitching for Giants. Moore hit by pitch. Lewis grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Moore out at second. Seager walked, Lewis to second. France lined out to right. Torrens struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Strange-Gordon at second base. Brennan pitching for Mariners. Yastrzemski grounded out to third. Dickerson grounded out to shortstop. Flores walked. Belt flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Basabe in left field. Garcia pitching for Giants. White walked. Lopes struck out swinging. Marmolejos hit for Ervin. Marmolejos grounded into double play, third to shortstop to first, White out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Marmolejos in right field. Lockett pitching for Mariners. Solano popped out to shortstop. Longoria singled to center. Crawford struck out swinging. Bart grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. García pitching for Giants. Crawford hit by pitch. Strange-Gordon grounded into fielder's choice to second, Crawford out at second. Lewis struck out swinging. Seager walked, Strange-Gordon to second. France struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 9 - Mariners 3.	Visitors at home, Giants hit 3 HRs and beat Mariners 9-3