Dodgers - Top 1st. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Furcal struck out looking. Johnson doubled to left. Kemp struck out swinging. Loney singled to center, Johnson scored. Belliard flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Iwamura flied out to left. McCutchen grounded out to shortstop. Jones grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Anderson flied out to center. Carroll flied out to left. Ausmus doubled to deep left. Billingsley grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Doumit struck out looking. Church popped out to shortstop. Young walked. LaRoche struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Furcal hit ground rule double to deep left. Johnson sacrificed to third, Furcal to third. Kemp hit sacrifice fly to center, Furcal scored. Loney safe at first on error by first baseman Jones. Belliard grounded into fielder's choice to third, Loney out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Maholm struck out swinging. Crosby singled to left. Iwamura singled to right, Crosby to second. McCutchen grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Iwamura out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Anderson walked. Carroll grounded into fielder's choice to second, Anderson out at second. Ausmus grounded into fielder's choice to first, Carroll out at second, Ausmus to second on throwing error by shortstop Crosby. Billingsley walked. Furcal grounded into fielder's choice to third, Billingsley out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Jones walked. Doumit singled to right, Jones to second. Church struck out swinging. Young walked, Jones to third, Doumit to second. LaRoche struck out looking. Maholm struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Johnson reached on infield single to shortstop, Johnson to second on throwing error by shortstop Crosby. Kemp struck out swinging. Loney grounded out to pitcher. Belliard homered to center (413 feet), Johnson scored. Anderson flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Crosby singled to center. Iwamura flied out to right. McCutchen grounded into fielder's choice to third, Crosby out at second. Jones walked, McCutchen to second. Doumit struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Carroll grounded out to third. Ausmus grounded out to shortstop. Billingsley grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Church grounded out to pitcher. Young doubled to deep right center. LaRoche singled to left center, Young to third. Clement hit sacrifice fly to center, Young scored. Crosby flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Penn pitching for Pirates. Furcal singled to right. Johnson reached on infield single to third, Furcal to second. Kemp doubled to deep left, Furcal scored, Johnson thrown out at home, Kemp to third advancing on throw. Loney singled to left center, Kemp scored. Belliard tripled to deep right center, Loney scored. Anderson singled to right, Belliard scored. Carroll grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Anderson out at second. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Troncoso pitching for Dodgers. Iwamura grounded out to second. McCutchen safe at first on error by third baseman Belliard. Jones grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, McCutchen out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 8th. Taschner pitching for Pirates. Ausmus popped out to first. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. Furcal lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Monasterios pitching for Dodgers. Doumit grounded out to shortstop. Church singled to center. Young doubled to deep right center, Church scored. LaRoche safe at first on error by third baseman Belliard. Milledge struck out swinging. Crosby fouled out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 9th. Lopez pitching for Pirates. Johnson struck out swinging. Kemp singled to center. Loney singled to right, Kemp to second. Belliard doubled to deep right, Kemp scored, Loney to third. Anderson hit sacrifice fly to center, Loney scored. Carroll singled to right, Belliard thrown out at home. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. Iwamura struck out swinging. Raynor walked. Jones flied out to left. Jaramillo grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 10 - Pirates 2.	Dodgers avoid Pirates sweep