Dodgers - Top 1st. Johnson pitching for Marlins. Furcal doubled to deep left. Anderson struck out swinging. Kemp struck out swinging. Ramirez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Padilla pitching for Dodgers. Coghlan struck out swinging. Maybin singled to left. Ramirez doubled to deep left, Maybin scored. Cantu struck out swinging. Uggla lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Johnson pitching for Marlins. Loney struck out swinging. Blake singled to center. Blake to second on wild pitch by Johnson. DeWitt walked. Martin walked, Blake to third, DeWitt to second. Blake caught stealing home, catcher to third to catcher. Padilla struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Padilla pitching for Dodgers. Baker flied out to left. Ross grounded out to shortstop. Sanchez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Johnson pitching for Marlins. Furcal singled to center. Anderson doubled to right, Furcal to third. Kemp singled to right, Furcal scored, Anderson to third. Ramirez hit sacrifice fly to center, Anderson scored, Kemp to second. Loney struck out swinging. Blake doubled to deep left, Kemp scored. DeWitt grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Padilla pitching for Dodgers. Johnson struck out looking. Coghlan grounded out to first. Maybin reached on bunt single to pitcher. Ramirez walked, Maybin to second. Cantu grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ramirez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Johnson pitching for Marlins. Martin singled to center. Padilla struck out bunting foul. Furcal grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Martin out at second. Anderson popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Padilla pitching for Dodgers. Uggla singled to center. Baker grounded into fielder's choice to third, Uggla out at second. Ross singled to right, Baker to second. Sanchez homered to left center (420 feet), Baker and Ross scored. Johnson grounded out to second. Coghlan struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Johnson pitching for Marlins. Kemp struck out swinging. Ramirez reached on infield single to pitcher. Loney flied out to left. Blake walked, Ramirez to second. DeWitt grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Padilla pitching for Dodgers. Maybin struck out swinging. Ramirez singled to center. Cantu singled to left, Ramirez to second. Uggla grounded out to third, Ramirez to third, Cantu to second. Baker intentionally walked. Ross grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Ramirez out at home, Cantu to third, Baker to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Badenhop pitching for Marlins. Martin singled to center. Belliard grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Martin out at second. Furcal grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Belliard safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Badenhop. Anderson grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Furcal out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Ortiz pitching for Dodgers. Sanchez struck out swinging. Badenhop grounded out to shortstop. Coghlan grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Badenhop pitching for Marlins. Kemp flied out to right. Ramirez grounded out to third. Loney grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Ortiz pitching for Dodgers. Maybin grounded out to second. Ramirez struck out looking. Cantu struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Wood pitching for Marlins. Blake reached on infield single to second. DeWitt walked, Blake to second. Martin sacrificed to first, Blake to third, DeWitt to second. Ethier singled to center, Blake and DeWitt scored. Furcal struck out swinging, Carroll stole second, Carroll to third on throwing error by catcher Baker. Anderson lined out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Troncoso pitching for Dodgers. Uggla grounded out to third. Baker grounded out to second. Ross lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Veras pitching for Marlins. Kemp homered to left (398 feet). Ramirez struck out looking. Loney lined out to right. Blake struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Troncoso pitching for Dodgers. Sanchez singled to center. Helms hit by pitch, Sanchez to second. Coghlan walked, Sanchez to third, Bonifacio to second. Paulino doubled to deep center, Sanchez and Bonifacio scored, Coghlan to third. Ramirez intentionally walked. Cantu hit sacrifice fly to center, Coghlan scored. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 6 - Marlins 7.	Cantu's sac fly caps rally, Marlins drop Dodgers