Dodgers - Top 1st. Perez pitching for Mets. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. Loney singled to center. Ethier walked, Loney to second. Kemp grounded out to shortstop, Loney to third, Ethier to second. Belliard flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 1st. Haeger pitching for Dodgers. Pagan walked. Castillo sacrificed to pitcher, Pagan to second. Reyes singled to center, Pagan scored. Bay tripled to deep center, Reyes scored. Wright walked. Davis hit sacrifice fly to center, Bay scored, Wright to second. Francoeur popped out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Perez pitching for Mets. DeWitt grounded out to second. Carroll lined out to left. Ellis flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 2nd. Haeger pitching for Dodgers. Blanco popped out to shortstop. Perez flied out to left. Pagan popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Perez pitching for Mets. Haeger struck out swinging. Johnson struck out swinging. Loney grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 3rd. Haeger pitching for Dodgers. Castillo grounded out to second. Reyes popped out to second. Bay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Perez pitching for Mets. Ethier walked. Kemp singled to center, Ethier to second. Ethier to third, Kemp to second on wild pitch by Perez. Belliard grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ethier scored, Kemp out at third. DeWitt flied out to left. Carroll walked, Belliard to second. Ellis singled to left center, Belliard scored, Carroll to second. Haeger walked, Carroll to third, Ellis to second. Johnson walked, Carroll scored, Ellis to third, Haeger to second. Loney struck out looking. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 4th. Haeger pitching for Dodgers. Wright singled to center. Davis grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Wright out at second. Francoeur singled to left. Blanco doubled to deep left, Francoeur to third. Takahashi lined out to left. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Takahashi pitching for Mets. Ethier struck out looking. Kemp lined out to right. Belliard grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 5th. Haeger pitching for Dodgers. Pagan walked. Castillo walked, Pagan to second. Reyes grounded into fielder's choice to second, Castillo out at second, Pagan to third. Bay lined out to third. Wright singled to right center, Pagan scored, Reyes to third. Davis doubled to deep center, Reyes and Wright scored. Francoeur flied out to right. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Takahashi pitching for Mets. DeWitt struck out looking. Carroll lined out to right. Ellis grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 6th. Link pitching for Dodgers. Blanco singled to center. Takahashi struck out bunting foul. Pagan singled to center, Blanco to third. Pagan stole second. Castillo walked. Reyes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Blanco scored on throwing error by shortstop Carroll, Pagan to third, Castillo to second. Bay struck out swinging. Wright tripled to deep right center, Pagan, Castillo and Reyes scored. Davis walked. Francoeur lined out to center. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 7th. Takahashi pitching for Mets. Paul struck out swinging. Johnson doubled to left. Blake struck out swinging. Ethier singled to shallow right, Johnson scored. Kemp flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 7th. Monasterios pitching for Dodgers. Blanco struck out swinging. Catalanotto grounded out to shortstop. Pagan flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Mejia pitching for Mets. Belliard walked. DeWitt grounded out to first, Belliard to second. Carroll grounded out to pitcher. Ellis grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 8th. Monasterios pitching for Dodgers. Castillo singled to center. Reyes grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Castillo out at second. Bay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Valdes pitching for Mets. Paul doubled to center. Johnson singled to left, Paul to third. Blake hit sacrifice fly to left, Paul scored. Martin grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Johnson out at second. Martin to second on wild pitch by Valdes. Kemp grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 5 - Mets 10.	Mets double up Dodgers