Brewers - Top 1st. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Weeks singled to left. Gomez singled to left, Weeks to second. Braun singled to left, Weeks to third, Gomez to second. Fielder singled to left center, Weeks and Gomez scored, Braun to second. McGehee flied out to center, Braun to third. Edmonds struck out swinging, Fielder stole second, Braun scored on passed ball. Escobar tripled to deep right, Fielder scored. Kottaras struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Davis pitching for Brewers. Johnson flied out to center. Martin singled to center. Ethier grounded into fielder's choice to first, Martin out at second. Kemp singled to center, Ethier to second. Loney singled to left, Ethier scored, Kemp to second. Blake singled to left, Kemp scored, Loney to third. Belliard grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Davis fouled out to first. Weeks flied out to right. Gomez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Davis pitching for Brewers. Carroll struck out swinging. Billingsley grounded out to second. Johnson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Braun flied out to center. Fielder grounded out to first. McGehee grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Davis pitching for Brewers. Martin grounded out to second. Ethier hit by pitch. Kemp struck out looking. Loney grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Edmonds grounded out to pitcher. Escobar hit by pitch. Escobar caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Kottaras walked. Davis popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Davis pitching for Brewers. Blake struck out swinging. Belliard singled to shallow right. Carroll grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Belliard out at second. Billingsley singled to left, Carroll to second. Johnson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Weeks walked. Gomez flied out to left. Braun lined out to center. Fielder reached on infield single to pitcher, Weeks to second. McGehee grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Davis pitching for Brewers. Martin struck out swinging. Ethier singled to center. Kemp grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ethier out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Edmonds flied out to left. Escobar lined out to center. Kottaras doubled to right. Davis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Davis pitching for Brewers. Loney walked. Blake flied out to center. Loney to second on wild pitch by Davis. Belliard walked. Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Carroll lined out to right. Anderson hit for Billingsley. Anderson singled to center, Loney scored, Belliard to second. Johnson fouled out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Belisario pitching for Dodgers. Weeks safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Blake. Gomez grounded out to third, Weeks to second. Braun struck out looking. Fielder intentionally walked. McGehee grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Fielder out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Coffey pitching for Brewers. Martin singled to left center. Martin to second on wild pitch by Coffey. Ethier struck out swinging. Kemp struck out swinging. Loney intentionally walked. Blake grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Belisario pitching for Dodgers. Edmonds walked. Escobar sacrificed to pitcher, Edmonds to second. Kottaras walked. Counsell hit for Coffey. Counsell singled to right, Edmonds scored, Kottaras to third. Troncoso pitching for Dodgers. Weeks singled to left, Kottaras scored, Counsell to second. Gomez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Weeks out at second, Counsell to third. Braun singled to right, Counsell scored, Gomez to second. Fielder walked, Gomez to third, Braun to second. McGehee singled to right, Gomez and Braun scored, Fielder to second. Edmonds flied out to left. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Hawkins pitching for Brewers. Belliard singled to right. Carroll walked, Belliard to second. Paul hit for Troncoso. Paul lined out to right. Johnson struck out looking. Martin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Sherrill pitching for Dodgers. Paul in left field. Escobar walked. Kottaras struck out looking. Hart hit for Hawkins. Hart hit ground rule double to deep left, Escobar to third. Weeks singled to left, Escobar and Hart scored. Gerut hit for Gomez. Gerut safe at first on error by third baseman Blake, Weeks to second. Braun lined into double play, third to second, Weeks doubled off second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 9th. Suppan pitching for Brewers. Edmonds in center field. Hart in right field. Ethier singled to right. Kemp struck out swinging. Loney singled to center, Ethier to second. Blake grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Loney out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 11 - Dodgers 3.	Brewers score early, often to rout Dodgers