Dodgers - Top 1st. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Kemp struck out swinging. Martin grounded out to second. Ethier grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Monasterios pitching for Dodgers. Scutaro grounded out to second. Pedroia singled to left. Ortiz homered to center (429 feet), Pedroia scored. Youkilis struck out looking. Drew homered to left (369 feet). Beltre lined out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Ramirez flied out to center. Blake grounded out to shortstop. Loney fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Monasterios pitching for Dodgers. Varitek reached on infield single to second. Cameron flied out to left. Nava flied out to left. Scutaro grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Varitek out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Belliard doubled to deep center. Johnson safe at second on error by pitcher Doubront, Belliard scored. Carroll sacrificed to first, Johnson to third. Kemp tripled to deep center, Johnson scored. Martin grounded out to second, Kemp scored. Ethier safe at first on error by center fielder Cameron. Ramirez flied out to right. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Monasterios pitching for Dodgers. Pedroia grounded out to shortstop. Ortiz walked. Youkilis flied out to left. McDonald hit for Drew. McDonald singled to left, Ortiz to second. Beltre singled to right, Ortiz to third, McDonald to second. Varitek flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. McDonald in right field. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Blake popped out to second. Loney flied out to right. Belliard lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Monasterios pitching for Dodgers. Cameron flied out to right. Nava struck out swinging. Scutaro fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Johnson reached on infield single to shortstop. Carroll popped out to second. Kemp flied out to right. Martin walked, Johnson to second. Ethier struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Monasterios pitching for Dodgers. Pedroia singled to left. Ortiz walked, Pedroia to second. Youkilis doubled to deep center, Pedroia scored, Ortiz to third. Troncoso pitching for Dodgers. McDonald singled to center, Ortiz scored, Youkilis scored on error by center fielder Kemp. McDonald stole second. Beltre homered to left (427 feet), McDonald scored. Varitek doubled to deep left center. Cameron singled to left, Varitek to third. Cameron to second on passed ball by Martin. Nava hit by pitch. Schlichting pitching for Dodgers. Scutaro grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Varitek scored, Nava out at second, Cameron to third. Pedroia hit sacrifice fly to center, Cameron scored, Scutaro to second. Ortiz intentionally walked. Youkilis struck out looking. 7 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 6th. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Ramirez singled to center. Blake doubled to deep center, Ramirez to third. Loney singled to right, Ramirez and Blake scored. Belliard walked, Loney to second. Atchison pitching for Red Sox. Anderson hit for Johnson. Anderson struck out swinging. Carroll struck out swinging. Kemp grounded into fielder's choice to third, Belliard out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Anderson in left field. Schlichting pitching for Dodgers. McDonald struck out looking. Beltre struck out looking. Varitek flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Atchison pitching for Red Sox. Martin struck out swinging. Ethier grounded out to first. Ramirez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Schlichting pitching for Dodgers. Cameron singled to deep center. Nava flied out to left. Scutaro grounded out to third, Cameron to second. Cameron to third on wild pitch by Schlichting. Pedroia walked. Sherrill pitching for Dodgers. Ortiz flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Atchison pitching for Red Sox. Blake struck out looking. Loney flied out to left. Belliard flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Belisario pitching for Dodgers. Youkilis grounded out to third. McDonald grounded out to second. Beltre grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Richardson pitching for Red Sox. Anderson homered to right (382 feet). Carroll struck out looking. Kemp singled to center. Martin singled to left, Kemp to second. Bard pitching for Red Sox. Ethier grounded into fielder's choice to first, Martin out at second, Kemp to third. Ethier to second on fielder's indifference. Ramirez struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 6 - Red Sox 10.	Ortiz, Red Sox ruin Manny return to Fenway