Padres - Top 1st. Kuroda pitching for Dodgers. Hairston Jr. popped out to second. Tejada grounded out to second. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Richard pitching for Padres. Podsednik struck out swinging. Furcal popped out to shortstop. Kemp singled to center. Loney singled to center, Kemp to second. Blake singled to center, Loney thrown out at third, Kemp to third. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Kuroda pitching for Dodgers. Ludwick lined out to left. Headley doubled to right. Torrealba grounded out to shortstop, Headley to third. Venable intentionally walked. Denorfia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Richard pitching for Padres. Ethier singled to left. Martin singled to center, Ethier to second. Theriot grounded out to first, Ethier to third, Martin to second. Kuroda struck out looking. Podsednik flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Kuroda pitching for Dodgers. Richard singled to center. Hairston Jr. grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Richard out at second. Tejada safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Blake. Gonzalez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Richard pitching for Padres. Furcal struck out swinging. Kemp doubled to deep center. Loney reached on infield single to shortstop. Blake struck out looking. Ethier lined out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Kuroda pitching for Dodgers. Ludwick flied out to center. Headley singled to center. Torrealba reached on infield single to third, Headley to second. Venable homered to center (399 feet), Headley and Torrealba scored. Denorfia singled to right center. Richard sacrificed to catcher, Denorfia to second, Richard safe at second on throwing error by catcher Martin. Denorfia to third on throwing error by catcher Martin. Hairston Jr. popped out to second. Tejada singled to center, Denorfia and Richard scored. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Richard pitching for Padres. Martin walked. Theriot walked, Martin to second. Belliard hit for Kuroda. Belliard singled to center, Martin scored, Theriot to third. Podsednik struck out swinging. Furcal lined out to shortstop. Kemp singled to right, Theriot scored, Belliard to third. Loney popped out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Weaver pitching for Dodgers. Ludwick singled to right. Headley doubled to deep center, Ludwick to third. Torrealba reached on infield single to shortstop, Ludwick scored, Headley to third. Venable hit sacrifice fly to right, Headley scored. Denorfia lined out to center. Richard struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Richard pitching for Padres. Blake hit by pitch. Ethier struck out looking. Martin lined into double play, to first, Blake doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Weaver pitching for Dodgers. Hairston Jr. flied out to right. Tejada doubled to left. Gonzalez intentionally walked. Ludwick struck out swinging. Headley homered to center (409 feet), Tejada and Gonzalez scored. Torrealba struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Richard pitching for Padres. Theriot singled to left center. Carroll hit for Weaver. Carroll walked, Theriot to second. Podsednik flied out to center, Theriot to third. Webb pitching for Padres. Furcal reached on infield single to first, Theriot scored, Carroll to second. Kemp singled to right center, Carroll scored, Furcal to second. Loney lined into double play, pitcher to first, Kemp out at first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Monasterios pitching for Dodgers. Carroll at shortstop. Venable walked. Venable stole second. Denorfia grounded out to shortstop. Webb struck out swinging. Hairston Jr. lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Webb pitching for Padres. Blake reached on infield single to third. Ethier flied out to left. Martin fouled out to first. Theriot grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Blake safe at second on error by second baseman Hairston Jr.. Carroll grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Padres - Top 8th. Monasterios pitching for Dodgers. Tejada flied out to right. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Ludwick singled to right center. Headley grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Mujica pitching for Padres. Cabrera at shortstop. Podsednik popped out to third. Paul hit for Monasterios. Paul grounded out to pitcher. Kemp homered to left center (399 feet). Loney lined out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Sherrill pitching for Dodgers. Torrealba singled to center. Venable grounded into fielder's choice to first, Torrealba out at second. Denorfia struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 9th. Frieri pitching for Padres. Blake struck out looking. Ethier struck out swinging. Martin walked. Martin to second on fielder's indifference. Theriot struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 10 - Dodgers 5.	Padres serve Dodgers