Dodgers - Top 1st. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Podsednik singled to center. Theriot grounded out to shortstop, Podsednik to second. Ethier singled to center, Podsednik scored. Loney flied out to center. Blake fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Padilla pitching for Dodgers. Rollins grounded out to third. Polanco grounded out to second. Gload singled to left. Ibanez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Gibbons singled to right. Carroll walked, Gibbons to second. Ausmus grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Carroll out at second, Gibbons to third. Padilla struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Padilla pitching for Dodgers. Werth singled to center. Brown grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Werth out at second. Ruiz flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Podsednik lined out to center. Theriot reached on bunt single to third. Ethier doubled to deep center, Theriot scored. Loney walked. Blake grounded into fielder's choice to third, Loney out at second, Ethier to third. Gibbons singled to right, Ethier scored, Blake to third. Carroll grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Padilla pitching for Dodgers. Valdez flied out to center. Kendrick struck out swinging. Rollins grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Ausmus singled to center. Padilla grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Ausmus safe at second on error by shortstop Rollins. Podsednik singled to right, Ausmus to third, Padilla to second. Theriot hit sacrifice fly to right, Ausmus scored, Padilla to third. Bastardo pitching for Phillies. Ethier singled to right, Padilla scored, Podsednik to second. Loney singled to left, Podsednik scored, Ethier to second. Blake singled to deep right, Ethier scored, Loney to third. Gibbons struck out swinging. Carroll lined out to third. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Padilla pitching for Dodgers. Polanco singled to center. Gload flied out to left. Ibanez walked, Polanco to second. Werth walked, Polanco to third, Ibanez to second. Brown hit sacrifice fly to right, Polanco scored. Ruiz struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Herndon pitching for Phillies. Schneider catching. Ausmus flied out to right. Padilla struck out swinging. Podsednik grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Padilla pitching for Dodgers. Valdez singled to right. Schneider flied out to right. Rollins singled to center, Valdez to third. Polanco grounded out to third, Valdez scored, Rollins to second. Gload homered to right (384 feet), Rollins scored. Ibanez grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Herndon pitching for Phillies. Theriot singled to left. Theriot stole second. Ethier walked. Loney doubled to deep right, Theriot scored, Ethier to third. Blake hit sacrifice fly to right, Ethier scored, Loney to third. Gibbons homered to right (383 feet), Loney scored. Carroll grounded out to third. Ausmus safe at first on error by shortstop Rollins. Johnson hit for Padilla. Johnson popped out to second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Podsednik in left field. Belisario pitching for Dodgers. Johnson in center field. Werth grounded out to shortstop. Brown homered to right (408 feet). Francisco hit for Herndon. Francisco grounded out to third. Valdez grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Baez pitching for Phillies. Podsednik grounded out to pitcher. Theriot reached on infield single to shortstop. Ethier singled to left center, Theriot to second. Loney grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Ethier out at second, Theriot to third. Blake walked, Loney to second. Kemp hit for Belisario. Kemp singled to right center, Theriot and Loney scored, Blake to third. Carroll grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kemp out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Monasterios pitching for Dodgers. Schneider struck out swinging. Rollins grounded out to first. Dobbs hit for Polanco. Dobbs singled to left. Gload homered to right center (416 feet), Dobbs scored. Ibanez grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Dobbs at third base. Contreras pitching for Phillies. Ausmus walked. Johnson struck out swinging. Podsednik grounded into fielder's choice to first, Ausmus out at second. Theriot struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Monasterios pitching for Dodgers. Werth struck out swinging. Brown flied out to left. Sweeney hit for Contreras. Sweeney reached on infield single to third. Valdez singled to right, Sweeney to second. Sherrill pitching for Dodgers. Schneider flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Romero pitching for Phillies. Ethier hit by pitch. Loney struck out swinging. Blake homered to left (353 feet), Ethier scored. Sherrill walked. Durbin pitching for Phillies. Carroll struck out swinging. Ausmus struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 9th. Sherrill pitching for Dodgers. Rollins singled to left. Dobbs flied out to left. Gload grounded into fielder's choice to second, Rollins out at second. Ibanez singled to right center, Gload to second. Dotel pitching for Dodgers. Werth walked, Gload to third, Ibanez to second. Brown doubled to deep left, Gload and Ibanez scored, Werth to third. Hamels hit for Durbin. Hamels flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 15 - Phillies 9.	Ethier, Dodgers batter Phillies \n\n