Dodgers - Top 1st . Treinen pitching for Nationals . Gordon grounded out to first . Crawford singled to left . Ramirez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Crawford out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Span grounded out to first . Rendon struck out swinging . Werth singled to left center . LaRoche flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Treinen pitching for Nationals . Kemp singled to center . Ethier singled to left center , Kemp to second . Uribe grounded into double play , second to first , Ethier out at second , Kemp to third . Van Slyke grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Hairston singled to left . Desmond fouled out to right . Espinosa grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hairston out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Treinen pitching for Nationals . Butera struck out looking . Kershaw grounded out to pitcher . Gordon fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Lobaton struck out swinging . Treinen struck out swinging . Span lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Treinen pitching for Nationals . Crawford lined out to center . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Kemp reached on infield single to third . Ethier lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Rendon singled to left . Werth reached on infield single to shortstop , Rendon to second . LaRoche fouled out to third . Hairston struck out swinging . Desmond struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Treinen pitching for Nationals . Uribe lined out to third . Van Slyke struck out swinging . Butera flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Espinosa struck out swinging . Lobaton lined out to left . Treinen singled to center . Span grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Treinen out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Treinen pitching for Nationals . Kershaw safe at first on error by pitcher Treinen . Gordon safe at first on error by first baseman LaRoche , Kershaw to second . Crawford reached on infield single to catcher , Kershaw to third , Gordon to second . Ramirez singled to right , Kershaw scored , Gordon to third , Crawford to second . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Kemp struck out swinging . Ethier grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gordon scored , Ramirez out at second , Crawford to third . Uribe singled to left , Crawford scored , Ethier to second . Van Slyke struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Rendon singled to left . Rendon picked off first . Werth singled to right . LaRoche singled to right , Werth to second . Hairston struck out swinging . Desmond struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Butera hit by pitch . Kershaw bunted into double play , pitcher to shortstop to second , Butera out at second . Gordon tripled to deep right center . Crawford safe at first on error by left fielder Hairston , Gordon scored . Crawford caught stealing second , catcher to second . Ramirez batting . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Espinosa safe at first on error by shortstop Ramirez . Lobaton grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Espinosa out at second . Frandsen hit for Stammen . Frandsen singled to left . Span struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 8th . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Ramirez homered to center ( 428 feet ) . Kemp walked . Ethier reached on infield single to pitcher , Kemp to second . Uribe popped out to third . Van Slyke popped out to second . Butera homered to left ( 382 feet ) , Kemp and Ethier scored . Turner hit for Kershaw . Turner grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Perez pitching for Dodgers . Rendon tripled to deep right center . Werth singled to left , Rendon scored . Moore hit for LaRoche . Moore walked , Werth to second . Hairston flied out to center . Desmond walked , Werth to third , Moore to second . Espinosa struck out swinging . Lobaton singled to right , Werth and Moore scored , Desmond to third . Walters hit for Detwiler . Walters walked , Lobaton to second . Wright pitching for Dodgers . Span grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Moore at first base . Barrett pitching for Nationals . Gordon struck out swinging . Crawford singled to left . Ramirez singled to right , Crawford to second . Kemp struck out looking . Ethier grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Jansen pitching for Dodgers . Rendon struck out swinging . Werth lined out to center . Moore grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 8 - Nationals 3 .	Kershaw strong as Dodgers prevail