Dodgers - Top 1st . Richard Worley pitching for Pirates . Gordon struck out looking . Turner grounded out to third . Gonzalez singled to right center . Kemp singled to center , Gonzalez to third . Ethier struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Beckett pitching for Dodgers . Polanco flied out to left . Snider flied out to left . McCutchen lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Richard Worley pitching for Pirates . Crawford grounded out to second . Uribe popped out to shortstop . Ellis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Beckett pitching for Dodgers . Walker homered to right ( 365 feet ) . Martin struck out swinging . Davis homered to right center ( 426 feet ) . Alvarez lined out to center . Mercer struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Richard Worley pitching for Pirates . Beckett safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Alvarez . Gordon sacrificed to pitcher , Beckett to third . Turner walked . Gonzalez hit sacrifice fly to right , Beckett scored . Kemp reached on infield single to third , Turner to second . Ethier singled to center , Turner scored , Kemp to third , Ethier to second advancing on throw . Crawford lined out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Beckett pitching for Dodgers . Worley popped out to second . Polanco homered to right ( 349 feet ) . Snider singled to center . McCutchen struck out swinging . Walker doubled to left , Snider scored . Martin hit by pitch . Davis fouled out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Richard Worley pitching for Pirates . Uribe struck out looking . Ellis popped out to second . Beckett walked . Gordon grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Beckett out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Beckett pitching for Dodgers . Alvarez doubled to deep right . Mercer flied out to left , Alvarez to third . Worley struck out swinging . Maholm pitching for Dodgers . Polanco grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Harrison at third base . Richard Worley pitching for Pirates . Turner struck out swinging . Gonzalez lined out to center . Kemp flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Maholm pitching for Dodgers . Snider grounded out to shortstop . McCutchen grounded out to third . Walker grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Richard Worley pitching for Pirates . Ethier lined out to third . Crawford singled to left . Uribe reached on infield single to third , Crawford to second , Crawford to third , Uribe to second on throwing error by third baseman Harrison . Ellis singled to center , Crawford and Uribe scored , Ellis to second advancing on throw . Maholm struck out looking . Gordon flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Maholm pitching for Dodgers . Martin singled to center . Davis singled to left , Martin to second . Wright pitching for Dodgers . Harrison sacrificed to third , Martin to third , Davis to second . Mercer struck out swinging . Sanchez hit for Worley . Sanchez walked . Polanco singled to left center , Martin and Davis scored , Sanchez to second . Snider singled to left center , Sanchez scored , Polanco to second . McCutchen hit by pitch , Polanco to third , Snider to second . Polanco scored , Snider to third , McCutchen to second on wild pitch by Wright . Walker grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Wilson pitching for Pirates . Turner hit by pitch . Hughes pitching for Pirates . Gonzalez homered to right ( 394 feet ) , Turner scored . Kemp struck out swinging . Ethier walked . Crawford grounded out to first , Ethier to second . Uribe struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Wright pitching for Dodgers . Martin hit by pitch . Davis flied out to center . Harrison grounded out to shortstop , Martin to second . Mercer grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Watson pitching for Pirates . Ellis grounded out to shortstop . Van Slyke hit for Wright . Van Slyke homered to left ( 405 feet ) . Gordon walked . Turner flied out to right . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Perez pitching for Dodgers . Martinez hit for Watson . Martinez popped out to shortstop . Polanco walked . Snider walked , Polanco to second . McCutchen walked , Polanco to third , Snider to second . Walker walked , Polanco scored , Snider to third , McCutchen to second . League pitching for Dodgers . Martin singled to right center , Snider and McCutchen scored , Walker to second . Davis singled to right , Walker scored , Martin to second . Harrison struck out swinging . Mercer grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Frieri pitching for Pirates . Kemp struck out looking . Ethier popped out to third . Crawford walked . Uribe flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 7 - Pirates 12 .	Polanco , Walker lift Pirates over Dodgers 12 - 7