Dodgers - Top 1st . Hudson pitching for Giants . Gordon struck out swinging . Puig doubled to center . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop , Puig to third . Kemp doubled to left , Puig scored . Ramirez doubled to right , Kemp scored . Crawford singled to right , Ramirez scored . Uribe singled to left , Crawford to second . Ellis singled to center , Crawford scored , Uribe to third . Greinke struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Greinke pitching for Dodgers . Pagan doubled to deep right . Panik flied out to center . Posey singled to right , Pagan thrown out at home . Sandoval grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Hudson pitching for Giants . Gordon singled to right . Puig singled to left center , Gordon to third . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Gonzalez singled to center , Gordon scored , Puig to second . Kemp doubled to left , Puig scored , Gonzalez to third . Ramirez singled to right , Gonzalez scored , Kemp to third . Crawford hit sacrifice fly to left , Kemp scored . Uribe lined out to right . Ellis struck out looking . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Greinke pitching for Dodgers . Pence grounded out to shortstop . Blanco lined out to shortstop . Ishikawa struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Greinke walked . Gordon grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Greinke out at second . Gordon stole second . Puig hit by pitch . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Puig out at second , Gordon to third . Kemp reached on infield single to shortstop , Gordon scored , Gonzalez to second . Ramirez flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Greinke pitching for Dodgers . Crawford grounded out to first . Lincecum struck out looking . Pagan popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Quiroz catching . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Crawford lined out to center . Uribe homered to left ( 375 feet ) . Ellis grounded out to third . Greinke doubled to deep center . Gordon singled to center , Greinke scored . Puig grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gordon out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Greinke pitching for Dodgers . Panik grounded out to first . Quiroz flied out to right . Sandoval grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Perez in center field . Kickham pitching for Giants . Dominguez at third base . Gonzalez lined out to center . Kemp struck out swinging . Ramirez reached on infield single to shortstop . Crawford safe at first on error by second baseman Panik , Ramirez to second . Uribe grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Crawford out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 5th . Pederson in right field . Greinke pitching for Dodgers . Pence struck out swinging . Blanco struck out looking . Ishikawa singled to left . Ishikawa to second on wild pitch by Greinke . Crawford struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Perez in right field . Brown in center field . Duffy at shortstop . Kickham pitching for Giants . Ellis singled to center . Greinke homered to left ( 415 feet ) , Ellis scored . Gordon safe at first on error by shortstop Duffy . Puig reached on infield single to shortstop , Gordon out at third . Gonzalez grounded out to second , Puig to second . Pederson walked . Ramirez singled to center , Puig to third , Pederson to second . Crawford reached on infield single to shortstop , Puig scored , Pederson to third , Ramirez to second . Bochy pitching for Giants . Uribe walked , Pederson scored , Ramirez to third , Crawford to second . Ellis popped out to first . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 6th . Van Slyke at first base . Arruebarrena at shortstop . Rojas at third base . Greinke pitching for Dodgers . Dominguez grounded out to second . Perez doubled to left center . Panik grounded out to second , Perez to third . Quiroz lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Bernadina hit for Greinke . Bochy pitching for Giants . Bernadina hit by pitch . Gordon grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bernadina out at second . Puig struck out swinging . Van Slyke homered to left ( 424 feet ) , Gordon scored . Pederson grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Elbert pitching for Dodgers . Pederson in center field . Guerrero in left field . Federowicz catching . Bernadina in right field . Duvall hit for Bochy . Duvall grounded out to third . Brown flied out to left . Blanco singled to right . Ishikawa flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Duvall at third base . Cordier pitching for Giants . Dominguez in left field . Arruebarrena struck out swinging . Guerrero singled to left . Rojas singled to center , Guerrero to third . Federowicz struck out swinging . Bernadina hit by pitch , Rojas to second . Gordon flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Perez pitching for Dodgers . Duffy safe at first on error by shortstop Arruebarrena . Dominguez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Duffy out at second . Perez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 9th . Heston pitching for Giants . Barney hit for Perez . Barney flied out to center . Van Slyke struck out swinging . Pederson walked . Arruebarrena struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 9th . Garcia pitching for Dodgers . Barney at second base . Panik flied out to center . Quiroz popped out to shortstop . Duvall struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 17 - Giants 0 .	Greinke keys Dodgers ' 17 - 0 rout