Dodgers - Top 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Barney walked . Puig grounded out to third , Barney to second . Gonzalez flied out to left . Kemp lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Frias pitching for Dodgers . Blackmon singled to right . Rutledge singled to center , Blackmon to third . Morneau homered to right ( 384 feet ) , Blackmon and Rutledge scored . Cuddyer hit ground rule double to deep right center . Dickerson singled to left , Cuddyer to third . Dickerson caught stealing second , catcher to second . Rosario singled to right , Cuddyer scored . Ynoa singled to right , Rosario to third . LeMahieu bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Rosario out at home , Ynoa to second . De La Rosa singled to center , Ynoa scored , LeMahieu to second . Blackmon singled to center , LeMahieu scored , De La Rosa to second . Rutledge reached on infield single to first , De La Rosa to third , Blackmon to second . Elbert pitching for Dodgers . Morneau singled to center , De La Rosa and Blackmon scored , Rutledge to second . Cuddyer flied out to right . 8 Runs , 11 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Uribe grounded out to third . Crawford struck out looking . Federowicz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Elbert pitching for Dodgers . Dickerson lined out to left . Rosario grounded out to shortstop . Ynoa popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Rojas popped out to second . Guerrero hit for Elbert . Guerrero struck out swinging . Barney reached on infield single to third . Puig grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Correia pitching for Dodgers . LeMahieu grounded out to second . De La Rosa grounded out to shortstop . Blackmon homered to right ( 428 feet ) . Rutledge flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez doubled to deep right . Kemp flied out to center . Uribe grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Gonzalez out at third . Crawford reached first base on catcher 's interference , Uribe to second . Federowicz grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Crawford out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Correia pitching for Dodgers . Morneau doubled to deep right center . Cuddyer walked . Dickerson grounded out to first , Morneau to third , Cuddyer to second . Rosario doubled to center , Morneau and Cuddyer scored . Rosario to third on passed ball by Federowicz . Ynoa singled to center , Rosario scored . LeMahieu grounded out to pitcher , Ynoa to second . De La Rosa grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Rojas grounded out to third . Correia flied out to right . Barney flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Correia pitching for Dodgers . Blackmon singled to right . Rutledge tripled to right , Blackmon scored . Morneau hit sacrifice fly to left , Rutledge scored . Cuddyer grounded out to shortstop . Dickerson singled to center . Rosario grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Puig lined out to left . Gonzalez walked . Butera ran for Gonzalez . Kemp grounded into double play , third to second to first , Butera out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Pederson in center field . Butera at first base . Van Slyke in right field . Arruebarrena at shortstop . Rojas at third base . Coulombe pitching for Dodgers . Bernadina in left field . Ynoa lined out to second . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . Barnes hit for De La Rosa . Barnes safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Rojas . Blackmon singled to right , Barnes to second . Rutledge safe at first on error by first baseman Butera , Barnes scored , Blackmon to second . Morneau struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Adames at shortstop . McBride at first base . Parker in right field . Williams catching . Barnes in center field . Van Slyke struck out swinging . Pederson singled to right center . Federowicz struck out looking . Rojas struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Perez pitching for Dodgers . Parker struck out swinging . Dickerson walked . Williams struck out looking . Ynoa reached on infield single to pitcher , Dickerson to second . Paulsen hit for LeMahieu . Paulsen grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . McBride in left field . Culberson at second base . Scahill pitching for Rockies . Paulsen at first base . Arruebarrena grounded out to first . Barney homered to left ( 387 feet ) . Bernadina grounded out to first . Butera singled to center . Ethier hit for Perez . Ethier struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Garcia pitching for Dodgers . Barnes homered to left ( 444 feet ) . Adames struck out looking . McBride grounded out to third . Culberson grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Scahill pitching for Rockies . Van Slyke singled to center . Pederson walked , Van Slyke to second . Federowicz grounded out to pitcher , Van Slyke to third , Pederson to second . Rojas grounded out to shortstop , Van Slyke scored , Pederson to third . Arruebarrena grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 2 - Rockies 16 .	Rockies score 16 in rout of Dodgers