Dodgers - Top 1st. Tropeano pitching for Angels. Utley struck out swinging. Turner flied out to right. Seager lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Bolsinger pitching for Dodgers. Escobar walked. Calhoun grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Escobar out at second. Trout homered to left (411 feet). Pujols grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Tropeano pitching for Angels. Kendrick grounded out to second. Pederson flied out to left. Thompson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Bolsinger pitching for Dodgers. Cron singled to left. Giavotella grounded out to shortstop, Cron to second. Ortega singled to left, Cron to third. Ortega stole second. Pérez struck out swinging. Ryan popped out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Tropeano pitching for Angels. Grandal flied out to left. Puig lined out to center. Crawford grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Bolsinger pitching for Dodgers. Escobar grounded out to second. Calhoun struck out swinging. Trout singled to left center. Pujols singled to left center, Trout to third. Cron grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pujols out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Tropeano pitching for Angels. Utley grounded out to second. Turner walked. Seager doubled to deep right, Turner to third. Kendrick grounded into fielder's choice to third, Turner out at home, Seager to third. Pederson singled to left, Seager scored, Kendrick to third, Pederson to second advancing on throw. Thompson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Bolsinger pitching for Dodgers. Giavotella doubled to right. Ortega sacrificed to third, Giavotella to third. Pérez popped out to second. Ryan fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Tropeano pitching for Angels. Grandal struck out looking. Puig grounded out to pitcher. Crawford singled to left. Utley hit ground rule double to deep right, Crawford to third. Turner lined out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Bolsinger pitching for Dodgers. Escobar singled to center. Calhoun popped out to shortstop. Trout walked, Escobar to second. Coleman pitching for Dodgers. Pujols walked, Escobar to third, Trout to second. Cron reached on infield single to shortstop, Escobar scored, Trout to third, Pujols to second. Giavotella safe at first on error by first baseman Kendrick, Trout scored, Pujols to third, Cron to second. Ortega doubled to left, Pujols and Cron scored, Giavotella to third. Pérez hit sacrifice fly to right, Giavotella scored, Ortega to third. Ryan struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 6th. Tropeano pitching for Angels. Seager flied out to center. Kendrick flied out to right. Pederson walked. Thompson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pederson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Coleman pitching for Dodgers. Escobar struck out swinging. Liberatore pitching for Dodgers. Calhoun doubled to deep right center. Trout singled to left, Calhoun to third. Pujols singled to right center, Calhoun scored, Trout to third. Cron hit sacrifice fly to center, Trout scored. Giavotella struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Tropeano pitching for Angels. Grandal singled to center. Puig singled to left, Grandal to second. Crawford singled to right, Grandal to third, Puig to second. Hernández hit for Utley. Hernández struck out swinging. Turner grounded into double play, third to second to first, Crawford out at second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Hernández at second base. Howell pitching for Dodgers. Ortega grounded out to pitcher. Pérez struck out swinging. Ryan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Bedrosian pitching for Angels. Seager grounded out to first. Kendrick grounded out to second. Pederson doubled to deep center. Thompson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Marte hit for Escobar. Howell pitching for Dodgers. Marte struck out swinging. Robinson hit for Calhoun. Robinson walked. Báez pitching for Dodgers. Trout lined out to third. Pujols walked, Robinson to second. Petit ran for Pujols. Cron reached first base on catcher's interference, Robinson to third, Petit to second. Giavotella grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 9th. Marte at third base. Robinson in left field. Ortega in right field. Achter pitching for Angels. Grandal grounded out to second. Puig walked. Crawford grounded out to second, Puig to second. Hernández grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 1 - Angels 8.	Angels' 5-run 5th inning helps beat Dodgers 8-1