Angels - Top 1st. Fister pitching for Astros. Escobar grounded out to pitcher. Calhoun struck out swinging. Trout safe at first on error by shortstop Correa. Pujols walked, Trout to second. Cron grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pujols out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 1st. Chacin pitching for Angels. Springer walked. González hit by pitch, Springer to second. Springer to third, González to second on wild pitch by Chacín. Altuve grounded out to shortstop. Correa grounded out to shortstop, Springer scored. Rasmus singled to right, González scored, Rasmus to second on throwing error by right fielder Calhoun. Gómez singled to left, Rasmus scored. Valbuena walked, Gómez to second. Gattis struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 2nd. Fister pitching for Astros. Nava struck out swinging. Simmons grounded out to pitcher. Pérez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Chacin pitching for Angels. Castro grounded out to second. Springer walked. González walked, Springer to second. Altuve grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, González out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Fister pitching for Astros. Petit grounded out to shortstop. Escobar singled to left. Escobar to second on wild pitch by Fister. Calhoun grounded out to first, Escobar to third. Trout grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Chacin pitching for Angels. Correa walked. Rasmus reached on bunt single to pitcher, Correa to second. Gómez singled to right, Correa to third, Rasmus to second, Correa scored, Rasmus to third on error by right fielder Calhoun. Valbuena doubled to deep right, Rasmus scored, Gómez to third. Gattis singled to center, Gómez scored, Valbuena to third. Morin pitching for Angels. Castro struck out swinging. Springer grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gattis out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 4th. Fister pitching for Astros. Pujols grounded out to second. Cron grounded out to pitcher. Nava flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Morin pitching for Angels. González struck out looking. Altuve homered to center (441 feet). Correa doubled to deep left center. Rasmus grounded out to second, Correa to third. Gómez struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Fister pitching for Astros. Simmons grounded out to first. Pérez singled to shallow left. Petit grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pérez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Álvarez pitching for Angels. Valbuena walked. Gattis struck out swinging. Castro flied out to left. Springer grounded into fielder's choice to third, Valbuena out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Fister pitching for Astros. Escobar struck out swinging. Calhoun walked. Trout flied out to right. Pujols doubled to deep center, Calhoun scored. Cron doubled to deep left center, Pujols scored. Nava struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Achter pitching for Angels. González grounded out to second. Altuve singled to left. Correa homered to left center (405 feet), Altuve scored. Rasmus singled to center. Gómez singled to right, Rasmus to second. Valbuena singled to center, Rasmus to third, Gómez to second. Gattis grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Valbuena out at second. 2 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Kemp in left field. Rasmus in right field. Fister pitching for Astros. Simmons grounded out to shortstop. Pérez lined out to first. Petit grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Marte in left field. Robinson in center field. Nava in right field. Giavotella at second base. Petit at shortstop. Achter pitching for Angels. Castro homered to left center (402 feet). Kemp grounded out to first. González singled to center. Altuve flied out to right. Worth hit for Correa. Worth lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Worth at shortstop. Marisnick in center field. Feliz pitching for Astros. Escobar struck out swinging. Giavotella homered to left center (399 feet). Marte singled to right. Pujols grounded into double play, third to second to first, Marte out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Achter pitching for Angels. Rasmus struck out swinging. Marisnick lined out to right. Valbuena grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Sipp pitching for Astros. Cron safe at first on error by pitcher Sipp. Nava singled to right, Cron to second. Robinson singled to shallow left, Cron to third, Nava to second. Pérez struck out swinging. Petit homered to left (353 feet), Cron, Nava and Robinson scored. Neshek pitching for Astros. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. Giavotella grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 7 - Astros 10.	Fister throws 7 strong, Astros hit 3 homers in 10-7 win