Athletics - Top 1st. Lincecum pitching for Angels. Crisp lined out to first. Muncy bunt grounded out to catcher. Vogt singled to left center. Valencia walked, Vogt to second. Davis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Graveman pitching for Athletics. Escobar grounded out to third. Calhoun popped out to shortstop. Trout grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Lincecum pitching for Angels. Lowrie singled to left. Alonso singled to center, Lowrie to third, Alonso to second on throwing error by center fielder Trout. Semien homered to left, Lowrie and Alonso scored (391 feet). Alcántara grounded out to second. Crisp singled to left. Muncy singled to right, Crisp to third. Vogt singled to shallow left, Crisp scored, Muncy to second. Valencia singled to center, Muncy to third, Vogt to second. Davis grounded into double play, third to first, Vogt out at third. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 2 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Graveman pitching for Athletics. Pujols grounded out to second. Cron grounded out to third. Giavotella struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Lincecum pitching for Angels. Lowrie walked. Alonso flied out to left. Semien grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lowrie out at second. Alcántara struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Graveman pitching for Athletics. Nava singled to left center. Bandy grounded into double play, third to second to first, Nava out at second. Simmons singled to center. Escobar doubled to right, Simmons to third. Calhoun grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Guerra pitching for Angels. Crisp lined out to shortstop. Muncy grounded out to first. Vogt grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Graveman pitching for Athletics. Trout reached on infield single to pitcher. Pujols flied out to right. Cron doubled to deep right, Trout to third. Giavotella singled to center, Trout scored, Cron to third. Nava hit by pitch, Giavotella to second. Bandy hit sacrifice fly to right, Cron scored, Giavotella to third, Nava to second. Simmons flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Guerra pitching for Angels. Valencia flied out to right. Davis homered to center (401 feet). Lowrie flied out to left. Alonso grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Graveman pitching for Athletics. Escobar grounded out to third. Calhoun grounded out to shortstop. Trout reached on infield single to shortstop. Pujols grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Trout out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Morin pitching for Angels. Semien struck out swinging. Alcántara reached on infield single to second. Alcántara caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Crisp grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Graveman pitching for Athletics. Cron hit by pitch. Giavotella popped out to second. Nava grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Cron out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Morin pitching for Angels. Muncy grounded out to pitcher. Vogt walked. Valencia lined out to second. Davis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Vogt out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Graveman pitching for Athletics. Bandy fouled out to first. Simmons singled to left. Escobar flied out to right. Rzepczynski pitching for Athletics. Simmons stole second. Calhoun grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Petit at third base. Álvarez pitching for Angels. Lowrie grounded out to shortstop. Alonso flied out to right. Semien safe at first on error by second baseman Giavotella. Alcántara grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 8th. Smolinski in right field. Madson pitching for Athletics. Trout struck out swinging. Pujols grounded out to third. Cron struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Achter pitching for Angels. Crisp flied out to left. Smolinski grounded out to pitcher. Vogt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 9th. Doolittle pitching for Athletics. Giavotella doubled to left. Robinson hit for Nava. Robinson flied out to right. Bandy homered to left, Giavotella scored (391 feet). Simmons popped out to first. Marte hit for Petit. Marte popped out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 5 - Angels 4.	Semien, Davis lead A's to 5-4 win over Angels