Angels - Top 1st. Duffy pitching for Royals. Escobar grounded out to second. Calhoun grounded out to second. Trout struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Shoemaker pitching for Angels. Escobar flied out to right. Cuthbert popped out to second. Hosmer grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Duffy pitching for Royals. Pujols flied out to right. Marte struck out swinging. Simmons flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Shoemaker pitching for Angels. Morales grounded out to first. Pérez fouled out to first. Gordon flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Duffy pitching for Royals. Bandy flied out to center. Petit singled to left. Giavotella doubled to left, Petit to third. Escobar struck out swinging. Calhoun flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Shoemaker pitching for Angels. Orlando grounded out to shortstop. Mondesi grounded out to shortstop. Dyson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Duffy pitching for Royals. Trout flied out to right. Pujols struck out swinging. Marte doubled to deep left. Simmons grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Shoemaker pitching for Angels. Escobar grounded out to third. Cuthbert flied out to center. Hosmer lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Duffy pitching for Royals. Bandy walked. Petit walked, Bandy to second. Giavotella singled to center, Bandy to third, Petit to second. Escobar grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bandy scored, Giavotella out at second, Petit to third. Calhoun grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Shoemaker pitching for Angels. Morales struck out swinging. Pérez doubled to deep right center. Gordon singled to right, Pérez to third. Orlando hit ground rule double to deep center, Pérez scored, Gordon to third. Mondesi grounded out to shortstop. Dyson grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Duffy pitching for Royals. Trout singled to right. Pujols flied out to center. Marte doubled to deep center, Trout scored. Simmons grounded out to shortstop. Bandy struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Shoemaker pitching for Angels. Escobar flied out to left. Cuthbert singled to center. Hosmer walked, Cuthbert to second. Morales grounded out to pitcher, Cuthbert to third, Hosmer to second. Pérez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Duffy pitching for Royals. Petit doubled to deep left. Soria pitching for Royals. Giavotella sacrificed to catcher, Petit to third. Escobar singled to right center, Petit scored. Calhoun struck out swinging. Escobar to second on wild pitch by Soria. Trout walked. Pujols struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Shoemaker pitching for Angels. Gordon singled to shallow left center. Orlando singled to left, Gordon to second. Mondesi reached on infield single to pitcher, Gordon to third, Orlando to second. Gordon and Orlando scored, Mondesi to third on throwing error by pitcher Shoemaker. Dyson tripled to deep right, Mondesi scored. Ramírez pitching for Angels. Escobar hit sacrifice fly to left, Dyson scored. Cuthbert flied out to left. Hosmer grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 8th. Herrera pitching for Royals. Marte flied out to center. Simmons singled to right. Bandy flied out to right. Nava hit for Petit. Nava struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Nava in left field. Álvarez pitching for Angels. Morales grounded out to shortstop. Pérez struck out swinging. Gordon singled to right center. Orlando doubled to deep left, Gordon to third. Mondesi reached on infield single to pitcher, Gordon scored, Orlando scored on throwing error by pitcher Álvarez. Dyson flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 9th. Davis pitching for Royals. Giavotella reached on infield single to second, Giavotella to second on throwing error by second baseman Mondesi. Escobar walked. Calhoun flied out to right, Giavotella to third. Trout walked, Escobar to second. Pujols walked, Giavotella scored, Escobar to third, Trout to second. Choi ran for Pujols. Marte lined out to second. Simmons singled to center, Escobar scored, Trout to third, Choi to second. Bandy struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 5 - Royals 7.	Mondesi's bunt single helps Royals beat Angels, 7-5