Angels - Top 1st. Kluber pitching for Indians. Escobar grounded out to third. Calhoun grounded out to first. Trout homered to right (386 feet). Pujols grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Chacin pitching for Angels. Santana homered to right center (423 feet). Kipnis grounded out to second. Lindor walked. Napoli singled to left, Lindor to second. Ramírez walked, Lindor to third, Napoli to second. Chisenhall doubled to left, Lindor, Napoli and Ramírez scored, Chisenhall to third advancing on throw. Naquin hit sacrifice fly to right, Chisenhall scored. Almonte singled to right. Pérez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Almonte out at second. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Kluber pitching for Indians. Simmons grounded out to second. Choi grounded out to second. Marte struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Chacin pitching for Angels. Santana grounded out to first. Kipnis walked. Kipnis stole second. Lindor singled to center, Kipnis scored. Napoli doubled to deep center, Lindor scored. Álvarez pitching for Angels. Ramírez grounded out to first, Napoli to third. Chisenhall flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Kluber pitching for Indians. Bandy fouled out to first. Pennington homered to center (428 feet). Escobar struck out swinging. Calhoun grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Alvarez pitching for Angels. Naquin struck out looking. Almonte singled to right. Pérez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Almonte safe at second on error by first baseman Marte. Santana flied out to left. Kipnis singled to center, Almonte scored, Pérez to third. Lindor grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 4th. Kluber pitching for Indians. Trout walked. Pujols struck out swinging. Simmons grounded into fielder's choice to third, Trout out at second. Choi fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Oberholtzer pitching for Angels. Napoli doubled to deep left. Ramírez struck out swinging. Chisenhall doubled to deep right, Napoli scored. Naquin struck out swinging. Almonte doubled to deep center, Chisenhall scored, Almonte out stretching at third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Kluber pitching for Indians. Marte singled to center. Bandy singled to left, Marte to third. Pennington grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Marte scored, Bandy out at second. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Oberholtzer pitching for Angels. Pérez doubled to deep left. Santana flied out to left. Kipnis walked. Lindor struck out swinging. Napoli homered to center (415 feet), Pérez and Kipnis scored. Ramírez homered to center (429 feet). Morin pitching for Angels. Chisenhall flied out to center. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Kluber pitching for Indians. Calhoun walked. Trout flied out to right. Pujols lined out to left. Simmons grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Calhoun out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Giavotella at second base. Petit in right field. Robinson in center field. Soto at first base. Marte at third base. Pennington at shortstop. Morin pitching for Angels. Naquin struck out swinging. Almonte grounded out to pitcher. Pérez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Martínez at second base. Guyer in right field. Chisenhall at first base. Manship pitching for Indians. Choi grounded out to shortstop. Marte struck out swinging. Bandy grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Valdez pitching for Angels. Davis hit for Santana. Davis flied out to center. Martínez grounded out to second. Lindor grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. McAllister pitching for Indians. Pennington singled to right. Robinson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pennington out at second. Soto grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Robinson out at second. Petit grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Soto out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Salas pitching for Angels. Guyer struck out swinging. Ramírez lined out to second. Chisenhall struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Crockett pitching for Indians. Pujols doubled to deep center. Giavotella grounded out to second, Pujols to third. Choi walked. Marte walked, Choi to second. Bandy hit sacrifice fly to center, Pujols scored. Pennington struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 4 - Indians 14.	Napoli's big night sparks Indians to 14-4 rout of Angels