Phillies - Top 1st. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Rollins flied out to left. Polanco grounded out to third. Utley singled to right. Howard grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Morgan tripled to deep right center. Guzman singled to center, Morgan scored. Zimmerman doubled to deep left, Guzman to third. Dunn grounded out to first, Guzman scored, Zimmerman to third. Willingham hit sacrifice fly to center, Zimmerman scored. Harris lined out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Werth doubled to deep left. Ibanez grounded out to second, Werth to third. Victorino grounded out to second, Werth scored. Schneider grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Kennedy grounded out to second. Nieves grounded out to second. Stammen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. Rollins singled to right. Polanco doubled to left, Rollins to third. Utley grounded out to first, Rollins scored, Polanco to third. Howard grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Morgan grounded out to second. Guzman grounded out to first. Zimmerman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Werth doubled to deep center. Ibanez struck out swinging. Victorino grounded out to second, Werth to third. Schneider grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Dunn singled to right. Willingham lined out to third. Harris homered to center (396 feet), Dunn scored. Kennedy doubled to left. Nieves flied out to right. Stammen grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Gload singled to right. Rollins flied out to right. Polanco singled to deep center, Gload scored, Polanco to third on error by center fielder Morgan. Utley grounded out to pitcher. Howard singled to center, Polanco scored. Werth doubled to deep left, Howard out at home. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Contreras pitching for Phillies. Morgan flied out to center. Guzman doubled to deep right center. Zimmerman grounded out to pitcher, Guzman to third. Dunn grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Burnett pitching for Nationals. Ibanez walked. Victorino walked, Ibanez to second. Schneider sacrificed to third, Ibanez to third, Victorino to second. Francisco hit by pitch. Rollins hit sacrifice fly to right, Ibanez scored, Victorino to third. Polanco grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Francisco out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Figueroa pitching for Phillies. Willingham flied out to center. Harris walked. Kennedy popped out to shortstop. Harris stole second. Nieves grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Clippard pitching for Nationals. Utley grounded out to second. Howard singled to center. Werth grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Howard out at second. Ibanez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Figueroa pitching for Phillies. Gonzalez walked. Morgan sacrificed to pitcher, Gonzalez to second. Guzman grounded out to first, Gonzalez to third. Zimmerman doubled to right, Gonzalez scored. Dunn intentionally walked. Willingham fouled out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Bruney pitching for Nationals. Victorino lined out to right. Schneider flied out to center. Dobbs walked. Rollins doubled to deep right, Dobbs to third. Polanco grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Bastardo pitching for Phillies. Harris struck out swinging. Kennedy flied out to right. Nieves reached on infield single to second. Desmond grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Nieves out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Capps pitching for Nationals. Utley doubled to center. Howard intentionally walked. Werth flied out to center, Utley to third. Ibanez flied out to left. Victorino popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 5 - Nationals 6.	Zimmerman, Nats fight back to edge Phillies