Nationals - Top 1st. Perez pitching for Mets. Morgan flied out to left. Guzman struck out looking. Zimmerman flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 1st. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Reyes grounded out to first. Cora grounded out to pitcher. Wright grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Perez pitching for Mets. Dunn struck out swinging. Willingham singled to left. Desmond struck out looking. Rodriguez walked, Willingham to second. Taveras tripled to deep center, Willingham and Rodriguez scored. Lannan struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 2nd. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Bay walked. Francoeur doubled to deep right, Bay to third. Matthews walked. Tatis fouled out to first. Blanco hit sacrifice fly to center, Bay scored, Francoeur to third. Perez singled to left, Francoeur scored, Matthews to second. Reyes popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Perez pitching for Mets. Morgan bunt popped out foul to first. Guzman grounded out to second. Zimmerman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 3rd. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Cora reached on infield single to third. Wright walked, Cora to second. Bay grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cora to third, Wright safe at second on error by shortstop Desmond. Francoeur grounded into double play, catcher to first, Cora out at home, Wright to third, Bay to second. Matthews grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 4th. Perez pitching for Mets. Dunn walked. Willingham popped out to shortstop. Desmond reached on infield single to shortstop, Dunn to second. Rodriguez walked, Dunn to third, Desmond to second. Taveras singled to center, Dunn and Desmond scored, Rodriguez to second. Lannan bunt popped into double play, third to shortstop, Rodriguez doubled off second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 4th. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Tatis grounded out to shortstop. Blanco fouled out to first. Perez safe at first on error by first baseman Dunn. Reyes hit by pitch, Perez to second. Cora grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 5th. Perez pitching for Mets. Morgan grounded out to shortstop. Guzman grounded out to second. Zimmerman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 5th. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Wright singled to left. Bay grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wright out at second. Francoeur singled to center, Bay to second. Matthews struck out swinging. Tatis singled to left, Bay scored, Francoeur to third. Blanco struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Perez pitching for Mets. Dunn flied out to right. Willingham grounded out to third. Desmond walked. Rodriguez safe at first on error by shortstop Reyes, Desmond to third. Rodriguez to second on wild pitch by Igarashi. Taveras struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Mets - Bottom 6th. Clippard pitching for Nationals. Pagan struck out swinging. Reyes struck out swinging. Cora flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Igarashi pitching for Mets. Clippard singled to center. Morgan grounded into fielder's choice to second, Clippard out at second. Guzman grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Morgan out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 7th. Clippard pitching for Nationals. Wright struck out swinging. Bay struck out swinging. Francoeur struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Feliciano pitching for Mets. Harris struck out looking. Dunn safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Wright. Kennedy ran for Dunn. Willingham walked, Kennedy to second. Kennedy to third, Willingham to second on wild pitch by Feliciano. Desmond intentionally walked. Rodriguez grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Kennedy out at home. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Mets - Bottom 8th. Clippard pitching for Nationals. Castillo singled to right. Tatis sacrificed to first, Castillo to second. Catalanotto struck out swinging. Pagan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Mejia pitching for Mets. Taveras grounded out to first. Morse grounded out to shortstop. Morgan grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 9th. Capps pitching for Nationals. Reyes singled to shallow center. Cora sacrificed to pitcher, Reyes to second. Wright walked. Bay struck out swinging. Francoeur walked, Reyes to third, Wright to second. Barajas lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 4 - Mets 3.	Mets get Reyes back, can't stop Nats \n\n