Brewers - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Weeks struck out looking. Counsell grounded out to pitcher. Braun singled to center. Fielder flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Wolf pitching for Brewers. Morgan flied out to center. Guzman lined out to third. Zimmerman walked. Dunn grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. McGehee struck out looking. Edmonds doubled to deep center. Hart walked. Kottaras walked, Edmonds to third, Hart to second. Wolf grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Edmonds out at home. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Wolf pitching for Brewers. Willingham walked. Desmond sacrificed to pitcher, Willingham to second. Rodriguez singled to shallow left center, Willingham scored. Maxwell homered to center (445 feet), Rodriguez scored. Hernandez lined out to right. Morgan walked. Guzman struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Weeks lined out to left. Counsell grounded out to first. Braun flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Wolf pitching for Brewers. Zimmerman struck out swinging. Dunn flied out to right. Willingham flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Fielder lined out to first. McGehee doubled to deep right center. Edmonds flied out to left. Hart grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Wolf pitching for Brewers. Desmond grounded out to shortstop. Rodriguez grounded out to first. Maxwell struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Kottaras popped out to third. Wolf singled to center. Weeks flied out to right. Counsell grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wolf out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Wolf pitching for Brewers. Hernandez popped out to first. Morgan struck out swinging. Guzman singled to center. Guzman stole second. Zimmerman doubled to deep left, Guzman scored. Dunn grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Braun grounded out to third. Fielder struck out looking. McGehee flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Coffey pitching for Brewers. Willingham doubled to deep right center. Desmond singled to center, Willingham to third. Rodriguez doubled to deep center, Willingham and Desmond scored, Rodriguez to third on throwing error by center fielder Edmonds. Maxwell hit sacrifice fly to center, Rodriguez scored. Hernandez grounded out to pitcher. Morgan lined out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 7th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Edmonds grounded out to second. Hart grounded out to shortstop. Kottaras grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Narveson pitching for Brewers. Guzman singled to right center, Guzman advanced to second on play. Zimmerman doubled to deep center, Guzman scored. Dunn flied out to center. Willingham walked. Desmond singled to center, Zimmerman to third, Willingham to second. Rodriguez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Desmond out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 8th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Gerut safe at first on error by second baseman Guzman. Weeks grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gerut out at second. Counsell lined out to right. Braun flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Parra pitching for Brewers. Maxwell lined out to right. Hernandez grounded out to second. Morgan grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Fielder grounded out to second. McGehee grounded out to third. Edmonds grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 0 - Nationals 8.	Nats' Hernandez goes distance, gets shutout