Dodgers - Top 1st. Atilano pitching for Nationals. Furcal grounded out to first. Anderson flied out to left. Ethier singled to right. Kemp grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Haeger pitching for Dodgers. Morgan tripled to deep left center. Kennedy singled to left, Morgan scored. Guzman struck out swinging. Dunn flied out to left. Kennedy stole second. Willingham grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Atilano pitching for Nationals. Loney flied out to right. Belliard walked. DeWitt grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Belliard out at second. Ellis grounded into fielder's choice to third, DeWitt out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Haeger pitching for Dodgers. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Harris walked. Maxwell grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Harris out at second. Atilano grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Atilano pitching for Nationals. Haeger struck out swinging. Furcal safe at first on error by pitcher Atilano. Anderson popped out to shortstop. Ethier grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Haeger pitching for Dodgers. Morgan grounded out to pitcher. Kennedy grounded out to shortstop. Guzman grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Atilano pitching for Nationals. Kemp grounded out to shortstop. Loney doubled to left. Belliard singled to center, Loney to third, Belliard to second on throwing error by center fielder Morgan. DeWitt intentionally walked. Ellis grounded out to third, Loney scored, Belliard to third, DeWitt to second. Haeger lined out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Haeger pitching for Dodgers. Dunn homered to right (421 feet). Willingham singled to right. Rodriguez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Willingham out at second. Harris popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Atilano pitching for Nationals. Furcal flied out to left. Anderson flied out to center. Ethier grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Haeger pitching for Dodgers. Maxwell flied out to center. Atilano struck out swinging. Morgan grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Atilano pitching for Nationals. Kemp grounded out to third. Loney flied out to left. Belliard singled to center. DeWitt doubled to deep center, Belliard to third. Ellis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Haeger pitching for Dodgers. Kennedy grounded out to shortstop. Guzman safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Belliard. Dunn homered to right center (383 feet), Guzman scored. Willingham walked. Rodriguez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Willingham out at second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 7th. Clippard pitching for Nationals. Carroll struck out swinging. Furcal safe at first on error by second baseman Kennedy. Anderson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Furcal out at second. Ethier struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Ortiz pitching for Dodgers. Harris lined out to first. Maxwell walked. Nieves flied out to center. Maxwell stole second. Morgan doubled to deep right, Maxwell scored. Kennedy flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Clippard pitching for Nationals. Kemp struck out swinging. Loney struck out swinging. Belliard popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Ortiz pitching for Dodgers. Guzman walked. Dunn walked, Guzman to second. Willingham walked, Guzman to third, Desmond to second. Gonzalez fouled out to third. Harris grounded into double play, first to catcher to second to catcher to second to catcher to second, Guzman out at home, Harris out at second, Desmond to third, Willingham to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Batista pitching for Nationals. Martin grounded out to shortstop. Blake hit by pitch. Carroll grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Blake out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 1 - Nationals 5.	Dunn hits two HRs to lift Nats past Dodgers