Nationals - Top 1st. Niese pitching for Mets. Morgan grounded out to first. Guzman walked. Zimmerman singled to left, Guzman to third. Dunn homered to right (344 feet), Guzman and Zimmerman scored. Willingham struck out looking. Rodriguez popped out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 1st. Olsen pitching for Nationals. Pagan flied out to center. Castillo lined out to center. Reyes grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Niese pitching for Mets. Desmond grounded out to shortstop. Taveras singled to left. Olsen sacrificed to pitcher, Taveras to second. Morgan walked. Guzman walked, Taveras to third, Morgan to second. Zimmerman grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Guzman out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 2nd. Olsen pitching for Nationals. Bay singled to left. Wright reached on infield single to third, Bay to second. Davis grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Wright out at second, Bay to third. Francoeur singled to left, Bay scored. Francoeur stole second. Barajas grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Niese pitching for Mets. Dunn struck out looking. Willingham flied out to center. Rodriguez popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 3rd. Olsen pitching for Nationals. Niese singled to center. Pagan grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Niese out at second. Castillo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Niese pitching for Mets. Desmond grounded out to shortstop. Taveras singled to right. Olsen bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Taveras out at second. Morgan grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 4th. Olsen pitching for Nationals. Reyes flied out to center. Bay singled to left center. Bay stole second. Wright walked. Davis struck out swinging. Francoeur struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Niese pitching for Mets. Guzman doubled to center. Zimmerman walked. Dunn struck out looking. Willingham walked, Guzman to third, Zimmerman to second. Rodriguez singled to left center, Guzman and Zimmerman scored, Willingham to third. Acosta pitching for Mets. Desmond singled to left, Willingham scored, Rodriguez to second. Taveras walked, Rodriguez to third, Desmond to second. Olsen struck out looking. Morgan flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 5th. Olsen pitching for Nationals. Barajas singled to center. Matthews hit for Acosta. Matthews singled to center, Barajas to second. Pagan flied out to center. Castillo singled to left, Barajas to third, Matthews to second. Reyes flied out to right. Bay flied out to center. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Takahashi pitching for Mets. Guzman singled to left. Zimmerman grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Guzman out at second. Dunn flied out to right. Willingham flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 6th. Olsen pitching for Nationals. Wright doubled to right. Davis flied out to center, Wright to third. Walker pitching for Nationals. Francoeur hit sacrifice fly to center, Wright scored. Barajas popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Takahashi pitching for Mets. Rodriguez grounded out to third. Desmond flied out to center. Taveras grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 7th. Cora hit for Takahashi. Slaten pitching for Nationals. Cora walked. Pagan singled to left, Cora to second. Castillo grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Pagan out at second, Cora to third. Reyes flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Valdes pitching for Mets. Cora at second base. Gonzalez hit for Slaten. Gonzalez singled to right. Morgan struck out looking. Guzman grounded out to third, Gonzalez to second. Zimmerman intentionally walked. Gonzalez to third, Zimmerman to second on wild pitch by Valdes. Dunn grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 8th. Bruney pitching for Nationals. Gonzalez at second base. Bay singled to center. Wright doubled to right, Bay to third. Davis safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Desmond, Bay scored. Clippard pitching for Nationals. Francoeur struck out swinging. Barajas doubled to deep left, Wright and Davis scored. Cora reached on bunt single to pitcher, Barajas to third. Pagan singled to right, Barajas scored, Cora to second. Carter hit for Valdes. Carter doubled to right, Cora scored, Pagan to third. Batista pitching for Nationals. Reyes intentionally walked. Bay walked, Pagan scored, Carter to third, Reyes to second. Wright struck out swinging. Davis flied out to center. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 9th. Rodriguez pitching for Mets. Willingham popped out to second. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. Desmond fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 6 - Mets 8.	Carter key as Mets rally back to beat Nationals