Orioles - Top 1st. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Patterson popped out to shortstop. Markakis singled to center. Tejada singled to right center, Markakis to second, Markakis to third on error by center fielder Morgan. Scott lined out to second. Tejada to second on wild pitch by Stammen. Wigginton singled to center, Markakis and Tejada scored. Wieters flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Morgan bunt popped out foul to catcher. Guzman singled to right. Zimmerman reached on infield single to third, Guzman to second. Dunn flied out to right, Guzman to third. Willingham walked, Zimmerman to second. Rodriguez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Jones grounded out to shortstop. Izturis struck out looking. Bergesen grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Kennedy grounded out to second. Bernadina singled to right. Stammen sacrificed to catcher, Bernadina to second. Morgan grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Patterson grounded out to second. Markakis singled to center. Tejada grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Markakis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Guzman grounded out to second. Zimmerman singled to center. Dunn struck out swinging. Willingham homered to left center (432 feet), Zimmerman scored. Rodriguez grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Nieves catching. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Scott safe at first on error by pitcher Stammen. Wigginton grounded out to pitcher, Scott to second. Wieters flied out to center, Scott to third. Jones inside-the-park home run to deep center (396 feet), Scott scored. Izturis grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Kennedy flied out to center. Bernadina grounded out to first. Stammen doubled to deep left center. Morgan singled to right, Stammen to third. Guzman singled to center, Stammen scored, Morgan to third. Zimmerman grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Guzman out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Bergesen singled to right. Patterson grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Bergesen out at second. Markakis grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Dunn flied out to right. Willingham grounded out to shortstop. Nieves grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Tejada singled to left. Scott grounded into fielder's choice to second, Tejada out at second. Wigginton homered to left (396 feet), Scott scored. Wieters singled to center. Walker pitching for Nationals. Jones fouled out to catcher. Izturis singled to center, Wieters to third. Bergesen grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Kennedy singled to right center. Bernadina tripled to deep right, Kennedy scored. Gonzalez hit for Walker. Gonzalez singled to center, Bernadina scored. Hendrickson pitching for Orioles. Morgan sacrificed to pitcher, Gonzalez to second. Guzman hit by pitch. Zimmerman reached on infield single to shortstop, Gonzalez to third, Guzman to second. Dunn singled to center, Gonzalez and Guzman scored, Zimmerman to second. Willingham grounded out to first, Zimmerman to third, Dunn to second. Nieves flied out to right. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Burnett pitching for Nationals. Patterson struck out swinging. Markakis struck out looking. Tejada grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Hendrickson pitching for Orioles. Kennedy walked. Bernadina bunted into fielder's choice to third, Kennedy out at second. Morse hit for Burnett. Morse singled to left, Bernadina to second. Morgan grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Morse out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Clippard pitching for Nationals. Scott struck out swinging. Wigginton fouled out to first. Wieters popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Hendrickson pitching for Orioles. Guzman singled to deep right center. Zimmerman walked, Guzman to second. Dunn flied into double play, center to first, Zimmerman doubled off first. Willingham intentionally walked. Nieves grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Willingham out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Guzman at second base. Capps pitching for Nationals. Kennedy at first base. Desmond at shortstop. Jones struck out swinging. Izturis struck out swinging. Moore hit for Hendrickson. Moore grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 6 - Nationals 7.	O's waste inside-the-park homer in loss to Nats