Reds - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Phillips singled to center. Phillips stole second, Phillips safe at third on throwing error by catcher Nieves. Votto struck out swinging. Rolen walked. Bruce grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Harang pitching for Reds. Guzman flied out to left. Morgan singled to right. Zimmerman grounded into fielder's choice to third, Morgan out at second. Dunn doubled to deep right, Zimmerman to third. Willingham flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Gomes flied out to right. Stubbs singled to right center. Stubbs stole second. Hernandez singled to left, Stubbs scored. Harang sacrificed to pitcher, Hernandez to second. Cabrera grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Harang pitching for Reds. Bernadina grounded out to first. Desmond singled to center. Desmond to second on wild pitch by Harang. Nieves struck out swinging. Hernandez walked. Guzman singled to left center, Desmond scored, Hernandez to third. Morgan struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Phillips grounded out to shortstop. Votto grounded out to second. Rolen singled to center. Bruce struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Harang pitching for Reds. Zimmerman singled to center. Dunn singled to center, Zimmerman to second. Willingham struck out swinging. Bernadina singled to center, Zimmerman scored, Dunn to second. Desmond grounded out to pitcher, Dunn to third, Bernadina to second. Nieves struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Gomes doubled to deep left. Stubbs walked. Hernandez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Stubbs out at second, Gomes to third. Harang struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Harang pitching for Reds. Hernandez singled to center. Guzman grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hernandez out at second. Morgan grounded out to shortstop, Guzman to second. Zimmerman lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Cabrera singled to right. Cabrera to second on balk by Hernandez. Phillips singled to right, Cabrera scored. Votto grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Phillips out at second. Rolen popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Owings pitching for Reds. Dunn struck out swinging. Willingham grounded out to shortstop. Bernadina walked. Desmond grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Bruce walked. Gomes lined out to left. Bruce caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Stubbs walked. Hernandez singled to center, Stubbs to second. Owings lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Owings pitching for Reds. Nieves grounded out to third. Kennedy hit for Hernandez. Kennedy singled to right. Guzman popped out to shortstop. Morgan walked, Kennedy to second. Zimmerman walked, Kennedy to third, Morgan to second. Herrera pitching for Reds. Dunn grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Clippard pitching for Nationals. Cabrera struck out swinging. Phillips grounded out to shortstop. Votto singled to center. Rolen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Del Rosario pitching for Reds. Willingham singled to left. Bernadina safe at first on error by center fielder Stubbs, Willingham to second. Desmond singled to left, Willingham scored, Bernadina to second. Nieves sacrificed to pitcher, Bernadina to third, Desmond to second. Harris hit for Clippard. Harris hit sacrifice fly to center, Bernadina scored, Desmond tagged out at third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Top 8th. Gonzalez at shortstop. Storen pitching for Nationals. Bruce reached on infield single to shortstop. Gomes flied out to center. Stubbs grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bruce out at second. Hernandez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Del Rosario pitching for Reds. Guzman singled to right. Morgan bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Guzman out at second. Zimmerman flied out to right. Rhodes pitching for Reds. Dunn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Capps pitching for Nationals. Morse at first base. Nix hit for Rhodes. Nix singled to left center. Cabrera flied out to left. Phillips singled to right, Nix to second. Votto struck out looking. Rolen fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 2 - Nationals 4.	Desmond's tie-breaking RBI single keys Nats