Nationals - Top 1st. Hudson pitching for Braves. Morgan safe at first on error by shortstop Escobar. Morgan picked off first. Rodriguez walked. Zimmerman grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Rodriguez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 1st. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Prado grounded out to third. Cabrera doubled to deep left. Jones flied out to left. McCann singled to left, Cabrera thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Hudson pitching for Braves. Dunn struck out swinging. Willingham grounded out to third. Bernadina singled to center. Desmond struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Glaus walked. Hinske struck out swinging. Escobar singled to center, Glaus to second. Blanco grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Escobar out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Hudson pitching for Braves. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Strasburg grounded out to shortstop. Morgan flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Hudson grounded out to pitcher. Prado grounded out to third. Cabrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Hudson pitching for Braves. Rodriguez reached on infield single to third. Rodriguez caught stealing second, catcher to second. Zimmerman grounded out to third. Dunn singled to left. Willingham walked, Dunn to second. Bernadina struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Jones singled to left. McCann struck out swinging. Glaus grounded into double play, third to second to first, Jones out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Hudson pitching for Braves. Desmond reached on infield single to shortstop. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Strasburg bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Desmond out at second. Morgan grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Hinske struck out swinging. Escobar struck out swinging. Blanco struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Hudson pitching for Braves. Rodriguez grounded out to third. Zimmerman walked. Dunn grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Zimmerman out at second. Willingham grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Hudson struck out swinging. Prado struck out looking. Cabrera grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Hudson pitching for Braves. Bernadina doubled to deep left. Desmond sacrificed to pitcher, Bernadina to third. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Strasburg grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Jones walked. McCann singled to center, Jones to second. Glaus safe at first on error by shortstop Desmond, Jones to third, McCann to second. Hinske hit sacrifice fly to center, Jones scored, McCann to third, Glaus to second. Escobar singled to left, McCann scored, Glaus to third. Burnett pitching for Nationals. Blanco reached on bunt single to pitcher, Glaus scored, Escobar to second. Infante hit for Hudson. Infante reached on infield single to shortstop, Escobar scored, Blanco to third. Storen pitching for Nationals. Prado hit sacrifice fly to right, Blanco scored. Cabrera walked, Infante to second. Jones struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 8th. Venters pitching for Braves. Infante in left field. Morgan struck out swinging. Rodriguez flied out to right. Zimmerman grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Batista pitching for Nationals. McCann grounded out to second. Glaus flied out to right. Venters struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Venters pitching for Braves. Dunn popped out to shortstop. Willingham walked. Bernadina walked, Willingham to second. Desmond struck out swinging. Guzman hit for Gonzalez. Guzman grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 0 - Braves 5.	Braves top Strasburg, Nats