Giants - Top 1st. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Rowand singled to left. Sanchez grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Rowand out at second. Huff grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Sanchez pitching for Giants. Maxwell walked. Maxwell stole second. Guzman walked. Zimmerman doubled to deep left, Maxwell scored, Guzman to third. Dunn struck out looking. Guzman scored, Zimmerman to third on wild pitch by Sanchez. Willingham struck out looking. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Posey singled to center. Uribe grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Posey out at second. Ishikawa singled to left. Sandoval walked, Ishikawa to second. Schierholtz doubled to deep right, Ishikawa scored, Sandoval to third. Sanchez singled to center, Sandoval and Schierholtz scored. Rowand struck out looking. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Sanchez pitching for Giants. Morse homered to center (398 feet). Desmond grounded out to shortstop. Stammen struck out swinging. Maxwell struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Sanchez struck out swinging. Huff grounded out to second. Posey grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Sanchez pitching for Giants. Guzman lined out to left. Zimmerman grounded out to third. Dunn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Uribe popped out to second. Ishikawa flied out to center. Sandoval grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Sanchez pitching for Giants. Willingham reached on infield single to third. Rodriguez doubled to deep left, Willingham scored. Morse struck out looking. Desmond flied out to center, Rodriguez to third. Stammen hit ground rule double to deep left, Rodriguez scored. Martinez pitching for Giants. Stammen picked off second. Maxwell batting. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Schierholtz grounded out to second. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. Rowand hit by pitch. Sanchez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Martinez pitching for Giants. Maxwell flied out to center. Guzman fouled out to third. Zimmerman doubled to deep right. Dunn intentionally walked. Willingham reached on infield single to shortstop, Zimmerman to third, Dunn to second. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Willingham out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Huff walked. Posey doubled to deep left, Huff to third. Uribe hit sacrifice fly to left, Huff scored. Burnett pitching for Nationals. Ishikawa grounded out to second, Posey to third. Sandoval walked. Schierholtz struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Martinez pitching for Giants. Morse doubled to deep left. Bernadina ran for Morse. Desmond bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Bernadina out at third. Harris hit for Burnett. Desmond stole second. Harris walked. Casilla pitching for Giants. Desmond caught stealing third, catcher to third, Harris to second on runner's fielder's choice. Maxwell grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Bernadina in right field. Clippard pitching for Nationals. Burrell hit for Casilla. Burrell struck out swinging. Rowand homered to left (371 feet). Sanchez walked. Huff walked, Sanchez to second. Posey singled to shallow right, Sanchez scored, Huff to third. Slaten pitching for Nationals. Uribe doubled to deep right center, Huff and Posey scored. Ishikawa struck out swinging. Sandoval intentionally walked. Schierholtz struck out looking. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Ray pitching for Giants. Guzman popped out to shortstop. Zimmerman flied out to center. Dunn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Peralta pitching for Nationals. Renteria hit for Ray. Renteria grounded out to pitcher. Rowand struck out swinging. Sanchez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Romo pitching for Giants. Willingham grounded out to third. Rodriguez grounded out to third. Bernadina lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Batista pitching for Nationals. Huff singled to center. Posey homered to center (388 feet), Huff scored. Uribe struck out swinging. Ishikawa walked. Sandoval grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ishikawa out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 9th. Affeldt pitching for Giants. Desmond grounded out to second. Gonzalez hit for Batista. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Maxwell grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 10 - Nationals 5.	Posey rallies Giants with RBI single, two-run HR