Nationals - Top 1st. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Morgan flied out to center. Desmond flied out to center. Zimmerman homered to center (441 feet). Dunn grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Olsen pitching for Nationals. Young grounded out to pitcher. Johnson grounded out to second. Upton flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Willingham reached on infield single to shortstop. Morse flied out to right. Rodriguez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Willingham out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Olsen pitching for Nationals. LaRoche tripled to deep right center. Montero flied out to left, LaRoche thrown out at home. Reynolds struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez doubled to deep center, Gonzalez to third on throwing error by center fielder Young. Olsen struck out swinging. Morgan hit by pitch. Desmond grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Morgan out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Olsen pitching for Nationals. Drew homered to right (398 feet). Ryal flied out to center. Saunders grounded out to third. Young grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Zimmerman singled to right. Dunn flied out to center. Willingham walked, Zimmerman to second. Morse flied out to center. Rodriguez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Olsen pitching for Nationals. Johnson flied out to right. Upton grounded out to third. LaRoche singled to right. Montero walked, LaRoche to second. Reynolds homered to right center (414 feet), LaRoche and Montero scored. Drew struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. Olsen struck out swinging. Morgan grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Olsen pitching for Nationals. Ryal grounded out to third. Saunders struck out swinging. Young flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Desmond flied out to center. Zimmerman struck out swinging. Dunn grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Olsen pitching for Nationals. Johnson singled to right. Johnson caught stealing second, catcher to second. Upton singled to right. LaRoche singled to center, Upton to third. Montero hit sacrifice fly to center, Upton scored. Balester pitching for Nationals. Reynolds hit by pitch, LaRoche to second. Ojeda ran for Reynolds. Drew struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Ojeda at third base. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Willingham safe at first on error by shortstop Drew. Morse grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Willingham out at second. Rodriguez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Balester pitching for Nationals. Ryal walked. Saunders sacrificed to third, Ryal to second. Young walked. Slaten pitching for Nationals. Maxwell in right field. Johnson singled to center, Ryal scored, Young to second. Upton grounded into fielder's choice to second, Johnson out at second, Young to third. LaRoche popped out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Maxwell walked. Morgan grounded out to first, Maxwell to second. Desmond fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Slaten pitching for Nationals. Montero singled to center. Ojeda popped out to first. Drew struck out looking. Ryal struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Zimmerman struck out looking. Dunn popped out to third. Willingham singled to center. Kennedy hit for Slaten. Willingham to second on passed ball by Montero. Kennedy flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 1 - Diamondbacks 6.	Reynolds beaned after 3-run HR in D-backs' win