Nationals - Top 1st. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Bernadina struck out swinging. Kennedy struck out swinging. Zimmerman hit ground rule double to deep left. Dunn homered to right (421 feet), Zimmerman scored. Willingham flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Young walked. Johnson singled to right, Young to third. Upton hit sacrifice fly to right, Young scored. LaRoche singled to left, Johnson to second. Montero grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, LaRoche out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Morse singled to left. Morse caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Rodriguez grounded out to third. Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Reynolds struck out swinging. Drew struck out swinging. Church doubled to deep center. Kennedy walked. Young grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kennedy out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Stammen grounded out to pitcher. Bernadina singled to right. Bernadina stole second. Kennedy singled to center, Bernadina scored. Zimmerman grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kennedy out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Johnson singled to left. Johnson stole second. Upton walked. LaRoche grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Upton out at second, Johnson to third. Montero grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, LaRoche out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Dunn homered to right (436 feet). Willingham flied out to center. Morse grounded out to shortstop. Rodriguez singled to center. Gonzalez singled to left, Rodriguez to second. Rodriguez to third on wild pitch by Kennedy. Stammen grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Reynolds struck out swinging. Drew singled to right. Church walked, Drew to second. Crosby hit for Kennedy. Crosby struck out looking. Young grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Church out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Norberto pitching for Diamondbacks. Bernadina walked. Kennedy flied out to center. Zimmerman singled to center, Bernadina to second. Dunn grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Zimmerman out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Johnson struck out swinging. Upton grounded out to shortstop. LaRoche flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Carrasco pitching for Diamondbacks. Willingham struck out swinging. Morse walked. Rodriguez popped out to shortstop. Gonzalez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Montero singled to right center. Reynolds struck out swinging. Slaten pitching for Nationals. Drew struck out swinging. Church struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Harris hit for Slaten. Carrasco pitching for Diamondbacks. Harris grounded out to first. Bernadina singled to left. Kennedy doubled to deep left center, Bernadina scored. Kennedy to third on wild pitch by Carrasco. Zimmerman walked. Ryal at third base. Boyer pitching for Diamondbacks. Dunn singled to right, Kennedy scored, Zimmerman to second. Willingham grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Dunn out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Peralta pitching for Nationals. Harris in left field. Ojeda hit for Boyer. Ojeda flied out to left. Young grounded out to second. Johnson singled to center. Upton flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Vasquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Morse homered to right center (423 feet). Rodriguez struck out swinging. Gonzalez popped out to shortstop. Harris struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Maxwell in right field. Peralta pitching for Nationals. LaRoche homered to right (425 feet). Montero struck out swinging. Ryal flied out to right. Drew walked. Burnett pitching for Nationals. Church struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Heilman pitching for Diamondbacks. Bernadina flied out to left. Kennedy grounded out to pitcher. Zimmerman walked. Dunn grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Kennedy at first base. Clippard pitching for Nationals. Desmond at shortstop. Gonzalez at second base. Hester hit for Heilman. Hester struck out swinging. Young singled to left. Johnson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Young out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 7 - Diamondbacks 2.	Dunn powers Nationals to victory over D-backs