Nationals - Top 1st. Enright pitching for Diamondbacks. Bernadina grounded out to first. Kennedy walked. Zimmerman popped out to shortstop. Dunn struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Detwiler pitching for Nationals. Young struck out looking. Johnson singled to center. Upton struck out looking. Johnson caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. LaRoche batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Enright pitching for Diamondbacks. Willingham walked. Morse flied out to right. Desmond doubled to deep center, Willingham to third. Nieves grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Desmond out at third. Detwiler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Detwiler pitching for Nationals. LaRoche doubled to deep right. Ryal safe at second on error by first baseman Dunn, LaRoche scored. Crosby doubled to right, Ryal scored. Drew walked. Hester struck out looking. Enright flied out to center. Young grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 3rd. Enright pitching for Diamondbacks. Bernadina flied out to center. Kennedy homered to right (383 feet). Zimmerman safe at first on error by third baseman Crosby. Dunn singled to right, Zimmerman to second. Willingham grounded into double play, third to second to first, Dunn out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Detwiler pitching for Nationals. Johnson walked. Upton grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Johnson out at second. LaRoche struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Enright pitching for Diamondbacks. Morse grounded out to third. Desmond singled to left. Nieves grounded out to third, Desmond to second. Detwiler grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Detwiler pitching for Nationals. Ryal singled to right. Crosby grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ryal safe at second on error by third baseman Zimmerman. Drew singled to center, Ryal scored, Crosby to second. Hester grounded out to second, Crosby to third, Drew to second. Crosby caught stealing home, to catcher. Enright singled to center, Drew scored. Young struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 5th. Enright pitching for Diamondbacks. Bernadina singled to center. Kennedy grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Bernadina out at second. Zimmerman homered to right center (384 feet). Dunn flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Detwiler pitching for Nationals. Johnson tripled to deep right. Upton singled to right, Johnson scored. LaRoche singled to right, Upton to second. Balester pitching for Nationals. Ryal singled to right, Upton scored, LaRoche to second. Crosby struck out swinging. Drew struck out swinging. Hester walked, LaRoche to third, Ryal to second. Enright struck out swinging, Enright safe at first on wild pitch by Balester, LaRoche scored, Ryal to third, Hester to second. Young grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Enright out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Enright pitching for Diamondbacks. Willingham flied out to center. Morse grounded out to shortstop. Desmond struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Balester pitching for Nationals. Johnson singled to left. Upton struck out swinging. LaRoche singled to center, Johnson to second. Ryal struck out swinging. Parra hit for Crosby. Parra lined out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Ryal at third base. Parra in left field. Demel pitching for Diamondbacks. Nieves flied out to right. Gonzalez hit for Balester. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. Bernadina homered to right (388 feet). Kennedy flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Batista pitching for Nationals. Drew grounded out to pitcher. Hester flied out to center. Church hit for Demel. Church struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Vasquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Zimmerman homered to left (392 feet). Dunn lined out to right. Willingham singled to left. Morse grounded into double play, third to second to first, Willingham out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Storen pitching for Nationals. Harris in right field. Young singled to right, Young to second on error by right fielder Harris. Johnson grounded out to second, Young to third. Upton hit sacrifice fly to right, Young scored. LaRoche struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 9th. Heilman pitching for Diamondbacks. Desmond grounded out to shortstop. Rodriguez hit for Nieves. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Harris flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 4 - Diamondbacks 8.	Enright overcomes HRs to help D-backs emerge