Cardinals - Top 1st. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Lopez walked. Jay grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Lopez out at second. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Kennedy doubled to deep left center. Morgan sacrificed to catcher, Kennedy to third. Zimmerman grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kennedy out at home. Dunn grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Holliday flied out to left. Winn struck out swinging. Molina hit ground rule double to deep center. Schumaker singled to center, Molina scored, Schumaker to second advancing on throw. Feliz flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Desmond reached on infield single to shortstop. Bernadina struck out swinging. Desmond caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Rodriguez singled to center. Harris grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Carpenter struck out looking. Lopez struck out swinging. Jay lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Zimmermann flied out to center. Kennedy safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Lopez. Morgan grounded out to first, Kennedy to third. Zimmerman singled to center, Kennedy scored. Dunn doubled to deep right, Zimmerman to third. Desmond singled to left, Zimmerman and Dunn scored, Desmond to second advancing on throw. Bernadina grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 4th. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Pujols homered to right center (411 feet). Holliday reached on infield single to shortstop. Winn singled to center, Holliday to second. Molina hit by pitch, Holliday to third, Winn to second. Schumaker singled to left center, Holliday and Winn scored, Molina to second. Feliz singled to left, Molina to third, Schumaker to second. Carpenter struck out swinging. Lopez grounded out to second, Molina scored, Schumaker to third, Feliz to second. Jay grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Ryan at shortstop. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. Harris lined out to first. Marquis hit for Zimmermann. Marquis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Pujols struck out swinging. Holliday lined out to third. Winn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Kennedy flied out to center. Morgan singled to center. Zimmerman singled to right, Morgan to third. Dunn hit sacrifice fly to left, Morgan scored. Desmond grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Molina grounded out to third. Schumaker grounded out to third. Feliz flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Bernadina singled to center. Rodriguez singled to right, Bernadina to third. Harris walked, Rodriguez to second. Morse hit for Stammen. Morse hit sacrifice fly to right, Bernadina scored, Rodriguez to third. Kennedy hit sacrifice fly to right, Rodriguez scored. Morgan grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Peralta pitching for Nationals. Rasmus hit for Carpenter. Rasmus struck out looking. Ryan grounded out to third. Jay bunt grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Zimmerman walked. Dunn struck out swinging. Desmond singled to left, Zimmerman to second. Bernadina flied out to center, Zimmerman to third. Rodriguez walked, Desmond to second. Harris singled to right center, Zimmerman and Desmond scored, Rodriguez to second. Mench hit for Peralta. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Mench struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Clippard pitching for Nationals. Pujols doubled to deep left center. Holliday lined out to center. Winn singled to right, Pujols scored. Storen pitching for Nationals. Molina popped out to shortstop. Schumaker grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Winn out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Franklin pitching for Cardinals. Miles at second base. Kennedy lined out to left. Morgan popped out to third. Zimmerman grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Kennedy at first base. Gonzalez at second base. Storen pitching for Nationals. Feliz singled to right. Miles singled to center, Feliz to second. Ryan doubled to deep left, Feliz scored, Miles to third. Jay struck out swinging. Pujols intentionally walked. Holliday hit by pitch, Miles scored, Ryan to third, Pujols to second. Burnett pitching for Nationals. Winn singled to center, Ryan and Pujols scored, Holliday to third. Molina grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Winn out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 9th. Franklin pitching for Cardinals. Gonzalez singled to left. Desmond struck out swinging. Bernadina homered to right (390 feet), Gonzalez scored. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. Harris struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 10th. Craig hit for Franklin. Burnett pitching for Nationals. Craig struck out looking. Feliz flied out to right. Miles struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 10th. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Craig in left field. Maxwell hit for Burnett. Maxwell grounded out to third. Kennedy struck out swinging. Morgan flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 11th. Batista pitching for Nationals. Ryan flied out to left. Jay grounded out to shortstop. Pujols intentionally walked. Lohse hit for Miller. Lohse grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pujols out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 11th. Salas pitching for Cardinals. Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez flied out to center. Desmond grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 12th. Batista pitching for Nationals. Winn singled to center. Winn stole second. Molina grounded out to third. Craig struck out swinging. Feliz grounded into fielder's choice to third, Winn out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 12th. Salas pitching for Cardinals. Bernadina struck out swinging. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Harris walked. Nieves hit for Batista. Nieves walked, Harris to second. Kennedy popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 13th. Slaten pitching for Nationals. Miles walked. Miles to second on wild pitch by Slaten. Ryan flied out to left. Jay flied out to center. Pujols intentionally walked. Wainwright hit for Salas. Wainwright popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 13th. Hawksworth pitching for Cardinals. Morgan hit by pitch. Zimmerman struck out looking. Gonzalez singled to right center, Morgan to third. Desmond reached on infield single to shortstop, Morgan scored, Gonzalez to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 10 - Nationals 11.	Pujols hits 400th HR; Cards fall to Nats in 13