Nationals - Top 1st. Volstad pitching for Marlins. Morgan struck out swinging. Desmond singled to left. Bernadina grounded out to third, Desmond to second. Dunn reached on infield single to shortstop, Desmond to third. Morse singled to center, Desmond scored, Dunn to second. Kennedy flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Olsen pitching for Nationals. Maybin walked. Morrison singled to center, Maybin to third. Ramirez doubled to center, Maybin scored, Morrison to third. Sanchez popped out to second. Murphy singled to left, Morrison scored, Ramirez to third. Helms doubled to deep center, Ramirez and Murphy scored. Stanton grounded out to third. Davis doubled to left, Helms scored. Volstad struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Volstad pitching for Marlins. Gonzalez singled to right, Gonzalez to second on error by right fielder Stanton. Nieves hit by pitch. Olsen sacrificed to catcher, Gonzalez to third, Nieves to second. Morgan hit sacrifice fly to center, Gonzalez scored. Desmond doubled to left, Nieves scored. Bernadina lined out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Olsen pitching for Nationals. Maybin lined out to second. Morrison doubled to deep left. Ramirez intentionally walked. Sanchez singled to right, Morrison to third, Ramirez to second. Murphy grounded out to shortstop, Morrison scored, Ramirez to third, Sanchez to second. Helms singled to left, Ramirez and Sanchez scored. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Stanton homered to left (400 feet), Helms scored. Davis grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Volstad pitching for Marlins. Dunn struck out swinging. Morse struck out swinging. Kennedy walked. Gonzalez hit by pitch, Kennedy to second. Nieves grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Volstad struck out looking. Maybin grounded out to shortstop. Morrison walked. Ramirez walked, Morrison to second. Morrison to third, Ramirez to second on wild pitch by Stammen. Sanchez singled to center, Morrison and Ramirez scored. Murphy doubled to deep right, Sanchez scored. Helms singled to left, Murphy scored. Stanton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Helms out at second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Volstad pitching for Marlins. Stammen struck out looking. Morgan hit by pitch. Morgan stole second. Morgan stole third. Desmond hit sacrifice fly to second, Morgan scored. Bonifacio at second base. Bernadina flied out to left. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Davis homered to left (390 feet). Volstad struck out looking. Maybin flied out to left. Morrison struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Volstad pitching for Marlins. Dunn doubled to deep right. Morse singled to left, Dunn to third. Kennedy singled to center, Dunn scored, Morse to second. Gonzalez grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Kennedy out at second, Morse to third. Nieves flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Espinosa at second base. Kennedy at first base. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Ramirez lined out to third. Sanchez flied out to center. Bonifacio struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Maxwell hit for Stammen. Volstad pitching for Marlins. Maxwell doubled to left. Maxwell to third on wild pitch by Volstad. Mench hit for Morgan. Mench singled to center, Maxwell scored. Badenhop pitching for Marlins. Desmond doubled to deep left, Mench to third. Bernadina hit sacrifice fly to left, Mench scored. Espinosa doubled to right, Desmond scored. Morse safe at first on error by first baseman Sanchez, Espinosa to third. Kennedy grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Morse out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Batista pitching for Nationals. Maxwell in center field. Helms struck out swinging. Stanton singled to center. Davis grounded into fielder's choice to third, Stanton out at second. Tracy hit for Badenhop. Tracy grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Sosa pitching for Marlins. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. Nieves homered to left. Maxwell doubled to deep left. Harris hit for Batista. Harris singled to center, Maxwell scored. Desmond struck out swinging, Harris stole second. Bernadina grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Harris in left field. Slaten pitching for Nationals. Maybin homered to left (380 feet). Morrison flied out to left. Ramirez struck out swinging. Sanchez hit by pitch. Storen pitching for Nationals. Bonifacio walked, Sanchez to second. Helms struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Nunez pitching for Marlins. Espinosa grounded out to second. Morse grounded out to third. Kennedy grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Storen pitching for Nationals. Stanton flied out to center. Davis grounded out to third. Luna hit for Nunez. Luna struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Sanches pitching for Marlins. Gonzalez flied out to right. Nieves singled to left. Maxwell struck out swinging. Harris grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 10 - Marlins 16.	Nats' Morgan sparks brawls in Marlins' win