Nationals - Top 1st. Morton pitching for Pirates. Morgan singled to left. Desmond sacrificed to pitcher, Morgan to third. Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop, Morgan scored. Dunn flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Marquis pitching for Nationals. McCutchen grounded out to shortstop. Tabata hit by pitch. Walker lined into double play, right to first, Tabata out at first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Morton pitching for Pirates. Bernadina popped out to shortstop. Morse grounded out to shortstop. Kennedy walked. Ramos flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Marquis pitching for Nationals. Jones flied out to left. Alvarez struck out swinging. Doumit singled to center. Cedeno safe at first on error by pitcher Marquis, Doumit to second. Snyder lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 3rd. Morton pitching for Pirates. Marquis grounded out to third. Morgan walked. Morgan caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Desmond doubled to deep center. Zimmerman grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Marquis pitching for Nationals. Morton struck out swinging. McCutchen grounded out to third. Tabata singled to center. Walker doubled to right, Tabata to third. Jones grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Morton pitching for Pirates. Dunn homered to left (427 feet). Bernadina singled to left center. Morse singled to right, Bernadina to second. Kennedy safe at first on error by first baseman Jones, Bernadina scored, Morse to second. Ramos singled to left center, Morse to third, Kennedy to second. Marquis grounded into fielder's choice to first, Morse out at home, Kennedy to third, Ramos to second. Morgan struck out swinging. Desmond reached on infield single to second, Kennedy scored, Ramos to third, Marquis to second. Zimmerman singled to center, Ramos and Marquis scored, Desmond to third. McCutchen pitching for Pirates. Dunn flied out to center. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Marquis pitching for Nationals. Alvarez homered to center (437 feet). Doumit lined out to center. Cedeno doubled to left. Snyder grounded out to pitcher. Bowker hit for McCutchen. Bowker grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Martinez pitching for Pirates. Bernadina flied out to center. Morse grounded out to shortstop. Kennedy singled to center. Kennedy caught stealing second, catcher to second. Ramos batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Marquis pitching for Nationals. McCutchen flied out to center. Tabata grounded out to third. Walker singled to center. Jones grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Martinez pitching for Pirates. Ramos lined out to shortstop. Marquis grounded out to shortstop. Morgan walked. Desmond safe at first on error by third baseman Alvarez, Morgan to second. Zimmerman singled to left center, Morgan scored, Desmond to third. Dunn reached on infield single to second, Desmond scored, Zimmerman to second. Bernadina lined out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Marquis pitching for Nationals. Alvarez grounded out to first. Doumit flied out to left. Cedeno flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Martinez pitching for Pirates. Morse grounded out to shortstop. Kennedy flied out to right. Ramos lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Clippard pitching for Nationals. Maxwell in right field. Snyder struck out swinging. LaRoche hit for Martinez. LaRoche struck out looking. McCutchen reached on infield single to shortstop. Tabata flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Ledezma pitching for Pirates. Maxwell walked. Morgan struck out swinging. Gonzalez hit for Desmond. Gonzalez fouled out to first. Zimmerman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Gonzalez at shortstop. Clippard pitching for Nationals. Walker singled to left. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to first, Walker out at second. Alvarez popped out to shortstop. Doumit struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Resop pitching for Pirates. Dunn flied out to center. Bernadina walked. Harris hit for Clippard. Harris flied out to center. Kennedy struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Espinosa at second base. Storen pitching for Nationals. Kennedy at first base. Cedeno popped out to second. Snyder singled to right. Young hit for Resop. Young lined out to right. McCutchen singled to center, Snyder to second. Tabata reached on infield single to third, Snyder to third, McCutchen to second. Walker grounded into fielder's choice to second, Tabata out at second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 8 - Pirates 1.	Dunn, Zimmerman help Nationals defeat Pirates