Nationals - Top 1st. Oswalt pitching for Phillies. Espinosa singled to right center. Desmond sacrificed to pitcher, Espinosa to second. Zimmerman singled to left, Espinosa scored. Dunn struck out swinging. Bernadina walked, Zimmerman to second. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Marquis pitching for Nationals. Victorino fouled out to shortstop. Polanco singled to center. Utley walked, Polanco to second. Howard singled to center, Polanco to third, Utley to second. Werth reached on infield single to second, Polanco scored, Utley to third, Howard to second. Ibanez singled to center, Utley and Howard scored, Werth to third, Ibanez to second advancing on throw. Ruiz hit by pitch. Valdez singled to center, Werth scored, Ibanez to third, Ruiz to second. Oswalt singled to shallow left, Ibanez scored, Ruiz to third, Valdez to second. Batista pitching for Nationals. Victorino grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ruiz scored, Oswalt out at second, Valdez to third. Polanco grounded into fielder's choice to third, Victorino out at second. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Oswalt pitching for Phillies. Harris flied out to center. Maxwell singled to left. Batista sacrificed to pitcher, Maxwell to second. Espinosa struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Batista pitching for Nationals. Utley grounded out to first. Howard struck out swinging. Werth flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Oswalt pitching for Phillies. Desmond struck out swinging. Zimmerman singled to right. Dunn struck out swinging. Bernadina grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Batista pitching for Nationals. Ibanez flied out to right. Ruiz grounded out to pitcher. Valdez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Oswalt pitching for Phillies. Rodriguez hit ground rule double to deep right. Harris grounded out to second, Rodriguez to third. Maxwell lined out to center, Rodriguez thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Batista pitching for Nationals. Oswalt safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Zimmerman. Victorino walked, Oswalt to second. Polanco lined into double play, to third, Oswalt doubled off second. Victorino stole second. Utley flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 5th. Mench hit for Batista. Oswalt pitching for Phillies. Mench struck out swinging. Espinosa struck out swinging. Desmond grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Olsen pitching for Nationals. Howard grounded out to second. Werth homered to left (373 feet). Ibanez singled to right. Ruiz grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ibanez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Oswalt pitching for Phillies. Zimmerman doubled to deep right center. Dunn fouled out to third. Bernadina grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Zimmerman out at third. Rodriguez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Olsen pitching for Nationals. Valdez grounded out to shortstop. Francisco hit for Oswalt. Francisco flied out to right. Victorino singled to right. Polanco grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Victorino out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Durbin pitching for Phillies. Harris walked. Maxwell flied out to center. Kennedy hit for Olsen. Kennedy grounded out to pitcher, Harris to second. Espinosa flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Slaten pitching for Nationals. Utley fouled out to third. Howard walked. Werth grounded into double play, third to second to first, Howard out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Contreras pitching for Phillies. Desmond singled to center. Zimmerman singled to right, Desmond to second. Dunn grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Zimmerman out at second, Desmond to third. Bernadina grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Bisenius pitching for Nationals. Ibanez safe at first on error by pitcher Bisenius. Ruiz homered to left center (392 feet), Ibanez scored. Valdez lined out to right. Dobbs hit for Contreras. Dobbs popped out to shortstop. Victorino walked. Polanco flied out to right. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 9th. Romero pitching for Phillies. Rodriguez grounded out to second. Nieves hit for Harris. Nieves struck out swinging. Maxwell struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 1 - Phillies 9.	Phils' Oswalt goes 6 strong for 7th win in row \n\n