Cubs - Top 1st . Myers pitching for Phillies . Grudzielanek struck out looking . Gonzalez singled to left . Patterson struck out swinging . Sosa popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Polanco grounded out to shortstop . Rollins struck out swinging . Thome struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 2nd . Myers pitching for Phillies . Alou grounded out to third . Choi struck out swinging . Hernandez singled to right . Miller homered to right , Hernandez scored . Zambrano struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Abreu struck out swinging . Lieberthal grounded out to second . Ledee grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 3rd . Myers pitching for Phillies . Grudzielanek grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Patterson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Bell grounded out to third . Byrd singled to left . Myers bunted into double play , pitcher to shortstop to second , Byrd out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 4th . Myers pitching for Phillies . Sosa grounded out to third . Alou grounded out to shortstop . Choi flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Polanco grounded out to third . Rollins walked . Thome singled to center , Rollins to second . Rollins to third , Thome to second on wild pitch by Zambrano . Abreu doubled to deep left , Rollins and Thome scored . Lieberthal grounded out to pitcher , Abreu to third . Ledee grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 5th . Myers pitching for Phillies . Hernandez singled to left center . Miller grounded out to third , Hernandez to second . Zambrano reached on infield single to shortstop , Hernandez to third . Grudzielanek grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Zambrano out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Bell grounded out to second . Byrd doubled to right . Myers grounded out to pitcher , Byrd to third . Polanco doubled to deep right center , Byrd scored . Rollins doubled to left , Polanco scored . Thome doubled to right center , Rollins scored . Abreu intentionally walked . Lieberthal grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 6th . Myers pitching for Phillies . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Patterson grounded out to first . Sosa singled to center . Alou grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sosa out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Ledee flied out to deep left . Bell grounded out to second . Byrd reached on infield single to third . Myers grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 7th . Myers pitching for Phillies . Choi singled to left . Hernandez flied out to deep right . Miller singled to left , Choi to second . Harris hit for Zambrano . Cormier pitching for Phillies . Harris grounded out to pitcher , Choi to third , Miller to second . Grudzielanek walked . Remlinger pitching for Cubs . Gonzalez fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Remlinger pitching for Cubs . Polanco singled to left . Rollins singled to right center , Polanco to second . Thome doubled to right , Polanco scored , Rollins to third . Abreu struck out looking . Lieberthal intentionally walked . Ledee singled to left , Rollins scored , Thome to third , Lieberthal to second . Alfonseca pitching for Cubs . Bell grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ledee out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . Cormier pitching for Phillies . Patterson grounded out to pitcher . Sosa grounded out to shortstop . Alou grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Alfonseca pitching for Cubs . Byrd walked . Perez hit for Cormier . Perez singled to right center , Byrd to third . Polanco doubled to deep right center , Byrd and Perez scored , Polanco to third advancing on throw . Rollins walked . Guthrie pitching for Cubs . Thome grounded out to first , Rollins to second . Abreu grounded out to second . Cruz pitching for Cubs . O'Leary in left field . Lieberthal hit by pitch . Ledee walked , Polanco scored , Rollins to third , Lieberthal to second . Bell walked , Rollins scored , Lieberthal to third , Ledee to second . Byrd walked , Lieberthal scored , Ledee to third , Bell to second . Mercado pitching for Phillies . Perez struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 9th . Mercado pitching for Phillies . Choi grounded out to first . Hernandez struck out swinging . Miller walked . O'Leary walked , Miller to second . Grudzielanek grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 2 - Phillies 12 .	Polanco 's three hits leads Phillies attack