Braves - Top 1st . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Furcal struck out looking . Derosa reached on infield single to second . Sheffield grounded out to pitcher , Derosa to second . Jones flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 1st . Reynolds pitching for Braves . Goodwin struck out looking . Grudzielanek singled to right . Sosa singled to left , Grudzielanek to second . Alou grounded into double play , third to second to first , Sosa out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Jones struck out looking . Fick safe at first on error by first baseman Choi . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Fick out at second . Castilla grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Bottom 2nd . Reynolds pitching for Braves . Choi walked . Gonzalez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Choi out at second . Harris grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Reynolds grounded out to second . Furcal struck out swinging . Derosa grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 3rd . Reynolds pitching for Braves . Miller grounded out to third . Zambrano struck out looking . Goodwin safe at second on error by second baseman Derosa . Grudzielanek walked . Sosa reached on infield single to shortstop , Goodwin scored , Grudzielanek to second . Alou struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Braves - Top 4th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Sheffield walked . Jones singled to right , Sheffield to third . Jones hit sacrifice fly to right , Sheffield scored . Fick flied out to right . Lopez singled to center , Jones to second . Castilla singled to right center , Jones scored , Lopez to third . Reynolds struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 4th . Reynolds pitching for Braves . Choi grounded out to second . Gonzalez flied out to deep left center . Harris grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Furcal flied out to right . Derosa reached on infield single to third . Sheffield grounded into double play , third to second to first , Derosa out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 5th . Reynolds pitching for Braves . Miller singled to right . Zambrano grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Miller out at second . Goodwin singled to left center , Zambrano to second . Grudzielanek flied out to left . Sosa popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Jones walked . Jones walked , Jones to second . Fick doubled to deep right center , Jones and Jones scored . Lopez singled to right , Fick to third . Castilla singled to left center , Fick scored , Lopez to third . Veres pitching for Cubs . Reynolds sacrificed to first , Castilla to second . Furcal singled to left , Lopez and Castilla scored . Derosa flied out to right . Sheffield struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 6th . Reynolds pitching for Braves . Alou singled to left . Choi grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Alou out at second . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Harris singled to right , Choi to third . Miller flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Veres pitching for Cubs . Jones grounded out to second . Jones grounded out to third . Hodges pitching for Braves . Franco at first base . Fick struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 7th . Hubbard hit for Veres . Hodges pitching for Braves . Hubbard struck out swinging . Goodwin singled to center . Grudzielanek flied out to left . Farnsworth pitching for Cubs . Sosa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Farnsworth pitching for Cubs . Lopez singled to left . Castilla singled to shallow center , Lopez to second . Franco grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Castilla out at second , Lopez to third . Holmes pitching for Braves . Furcal grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 8th . Holmes pitching for Braves . Alou grounded out to shortstop . Choi walked . Gonzalez doubled to left , Choi scored . King pitching for Braves . Harris struck out swinging . Hernandez at third base . Alfonseca pitching for Cubs . Miller struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Alfonseca pitching for Cubs . Derosa grounded out to third . Sheffield singled to left . Bragg ran for Sheffield . Jones reached on infield single to third , Bragg to second . Franco hit for King . Jones struck out swinging . Bragg in right field . Hernandez pitching for Braves . O'Leary hit for Alfonseca . Franco grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jones out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 9th . Hernandez pitching for Braves . O'Leary walked . Goodwin lined out to left . Grudzielanek singled to right , O'Leary to second . Sosa grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Grudzielanek out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 7 - Cubs 2 .	Castilla continues to torment Cubs in Braves ' win