Astros - Top 1st. Colon pitching for Athletics. Altuve reached on infield single to first. Maxwell lined out to second. Castro singled to right, Altuve to third. Carter grounded into fielder's choice to third, Altuve scored, Castro out at second. Carter picked off first. Pena batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Norris pitching for Astros. Jaso doubled to deep left. Young singled to center, Jaso scored, Young to second on error by center fielder Maxwell. Smith reached on infield single to third. Lowrie walked, Young to third, Smith to second. Donaldson fouled out to first. Reddick doubled to deep right, Young and Smith scored, Lowrie to third. Norris walked. Sogard singled to right, Lowrie scored, Reddick to third, Norris to second. Peterson walked, Reddick scored, Norris to third, Sogard to second. Jaso grounded out to second, Norris scored, Sogard to third, Peterson to second. Cedeno pitching for Astros. Young popped out to first. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 2nd. Colon pitching for Athletics. Pena fouled out to left. Martinez flied out to center. Barnes grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Cedeno pitching for Astros. Smith grounded out to first. Lowrie singled to center. Donaldson grounded into double play, third to second to first, Lowrie out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Colon pitching for Athletics. Dominguez struck out swinging. Gonzalez fouled out to third. Altuve singled to center. Maxwell struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Cedeno pitching for Astros. Reddick struck out swinging. Norris walked. Sogard grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Norris out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Colon pitching for Athletics. Castro flied out to left. Carter flied out to left. Pena flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Cedeno pitching for Astros. Peterson singled to center. Jaso flied out to center. Young walked, Peterson to second. Smith singled to right, Peterson to third, Young to second. Wright pitching for Astros. Lowrie grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Peterson scored, Smith out at second, Young to third. Donaldson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lowrie out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Colon pitching for Athletics. Martinez flied out to right. Barnes grounded out to first. Dominguez singled to left. Gonzalez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Wright pitching for Astros. Reddick walked. Norris lined out to right. Sogard grounded out to second, Reddick to second. Peterson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Colon pitching for Athletics. Altuve grounded out to shortstop. Maxwell struck out swinging. Castro flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Wright pitching for Astros. Jaso grounded out to shortstop. Young grounded out to third. Smith singled to center. Lowrie doubled to deep left, Smith to third. Ambriz pitching for Astros. Donaldson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Resop pitching for Athletics. Carter struck out swinging. Pena homered to right center (426 feet). Martinez doubled to deep left. Martinez to third on wild pitch by Resop. Barnes walked. Barnes stole second. Dominguez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Martinez out at home, Barnes to third. Gonzalez singled to center, Barnes scored, Dominguez to third. Altuve singled to right, Dominguez scored, Gonzalez to second. Cook pitching for Athletics. Gonzalez stole third, Altuve stole second. Maxwell struck out looking. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Ambriz pitching for Astros. Reddick grounded out to second. Norris struck out swinging. Sogard flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Jaso catching. Cook pitching for Athletics. Pena struck out swinging. Martinez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Veras pitching for Astros. Peterson flied out to right. Jaso singled to center. Young struck out swinging. Smith fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Ankiel hit for Barnes. Balfour pitching for Athletics. Ankiel homered to right center (397 feet). Dominguez singled to left. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Dominguez out at second. Altuve grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Gonzalez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 5 - Athletics 7.	A's hold off Astros, pad AL-best 12-4 mark