Indians - Top 1st. Humber pitching for Astros. Brantley flied out to center. Kipnis singled to right. Swisher doubled to left, Kipnis scored. Cabrera to 3rd. Swisher batting. Giambi doubled to deep center, Cabrera and Swisher scored. Santana walked. Reynolds homered to left (369 feet), Giambi and Santana scored. Chisenhall doubled to right. Stubbs reached on infield single to second. Brantley doubled to deep center, Chisenhall and Stubbs scored. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Kipnis grounded out to first, Brantley to third. Cabrera grounded out to second. 8 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Aviles at shortstop. Kazmir pitching for Indians. Altuve doubles to  left field. Maxwell batting. Laird struck out swinging. Carter grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Swisher singled to center. Giambi walked, Swisher to second. Santana grounded into fielder's choice to third, Swisher safe at third on error by third baseman Dominguez, Giambi to second. Reynolds singled to shallow center, Swisher scored, Giambi to third, Santana to second. Chisenhall struck out swinging. Stubbs singled to right, Giambi scored, Santana to third, Reynolds to second. Brantley walked, Santana scored, Reynolds to third, Stubbs to second. Kipnis grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Reynolds out at home, Stubbs to third, Brantley to second, Stubbs scored, Brantley to third on throwing error by catcher Corporan. Aviles singled to center, Brantley scored, Kipnis to second. Swisher doubled to left, Kipnis scored, Aviles to third. Giambi popped out to shortstop. 6 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Kazmir pitching for Indians. Pena doubled to left. Pena to third on wild pitch by Kazmir. Corporan struck out swinging. Cedeno grounded out to shortstop, Pena scored. Dominguez walked. Barnes homered to right (343 feet), Dominguez scored. Altuve singled to right. Altuve out at second on runner's fielder's choice. Maxwell batting. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Santana homered to left (331 feet). Reynolds struck out swinging. Chisenhall hit by pitch. Stubbs flied out to right. Brantley singled to shallow left center, Chisenhall to second. Kipnis struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Kazmir pitching for Indians. Maxwell popped out to shortstop. Laird homered to left (404 feet). Carter walked. Pena walked, Carter to second. Carter to third, Pena to second on wild pitch by Kazmir. Corporan struck out swinging. Cedeno singled to left, Carter and Pena scored. Dominguez struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Blackley pitching for Astros. Aviles walked. Swisher doubled to left, Aviles to third. Giambi homered to right (405 feet), Aviles and Swisher scored. Santana grounded out to third. Reynolds walked. Chisenhall flied out to center. Stubbs reached on infield single to shortstop, Reynolds to second, Reynolds to third, Stubbs to second on throwing error by shortstop Cedeno. Brantley grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Kazmir pitching for Indians. Barnes popped out to second. Altuve singled to right. Maxwell doubled to left, Altuve to third. Shaw pitching for Indians. Laird struck out swinging. Carter flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Cruz pitching for Astros. Kipnis flied out to center. Aviles singled to right. Swisher struck out swinging. Giambi walked, Aviles to second. Santana doubled to right, Aviles scored, Giambi to third. Reynolds grounded out to third. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Shaw pitching for Indians. Pena grounded out to shortstop. Corporan singled to shallow right. Cedeno struck out looking. Dominguez popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Cruz pitching for Astros. Chisenhall singled to left. Stubbs walked, Chisenhall to second. Brantley grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Stubbs out at second, Chisenhall to third. Kipnis walked. Clemens pitching for Astros. Aviles grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kipnis out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Kluber pitching for Indians. Barnes grounded out to second. Gonzalez singled to right. Maxwell popped out to second. Laird singled to left, Gonzalez to second. Carter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Arthur Clemens pitching for Astros. Swisher grounded out to first. Giambi grounded out to shortstop. Santana flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Kluber pitching for Indians. Pena grounded out to first. Corporan hit by pitch. Cedeno grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Corporan out at second. Dominguez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Arthur Clemens pitching for Astros. Gomes singled to left. Chisenhall flied out to center. Raburn grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gomes out at second. Brantley flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Kluber pitching for Indians. Barnes fouled out to first. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Maxwell struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Arthur Clemens pitching for Astros. Kipnis struck out swinging. Aviles flied out to center. Swisher flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 9th. Kluber pitching for Indians. Laird grounded out to pitcher. Carter struck out swinging. Pena struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 19 - Astros 6.	Giambi (5 RBIs), Indians roll; Kazmir back