Astros - Top 1st. Kuroda pitching for Yankees. Grossman walked. Altuve struck out swinging. Castro singled to center, Grossman to third. Pena struck out swinging. Carter grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Humber pitching for Astros. Gardner walked. Gardner stole second. Suzuki reached on infield single to third, Gardner to third. Cano grounded out to first, Suzuki to second. Hafner singled to left, Gardner scored. Boesch grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hafner out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Kuroda pitching for Yankees. Ankiel struck out swinging. Dominguez fouled out to third. Barnes walked. Gonzalez doubled to left, Barnes to third. Grossman walked. Altuve grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Grossman out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Humber pitching for Astros. Nix popped out to first. Overbay flied out to center. Nunez singled to left. Stewart reached on bunt single to pitcher, Nunez to second. Gardner popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Kuroda pitching for Yankees. Castro doubled to deep left. Pena walked. Carter struck out looking. Ankiel grounded into fielder's choice to first, Pena out at second, Castro to third. Dominguez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Humber pitching for Astros. Suzuki struck out swinging, Suzuki safe at first on wild pitch by Humber. Cano flied out to center. Suzuki stole second. Hafner singled to center, Suzuki scored. Boesch grounded into fielder's choice to first, Hafner out at second. Nix grounded into fielder's choice to third, Boesch out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Kuroda pitching for Yankees. Barnes struck out swinging. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Grossman flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Humber pitching for Astros. Overbay flied out to left. Nunez popped out to second. Stewart struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Kuroda pitching for Yankees. Altuve singled to center. Castro flied out to right. Pena struck out looking. Altuve caught stealing second, catcher to second. Carter batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Humber pitching for Astros. Gardner fouled out to first. Suzuki reached on infield single to third. Cano singled to center, Suzuki to second. Suzuki to third, Cano to second on wild pitch by Humber. Hafner intentionally walked. Boesch grounded into fielder's choice to second, Suzuki scored, Hafner out at second, Cano to third. Boesch to second on wild pitch by Humber. Nix reached on infield single to shortstop, Cano scored, Boesch to third. Overbay grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Kuroda pitching for Yankees. Carter struck out swinging. Ankiel struck out swinging. Dominguez popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Humber pitching for Astros. Nunez doubled to center. Nunez to third on wild pitch by Humber. Stewart grounded out to third. Gardner grounded into fielder's choice to first, Nunez out at home. Suzuki flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Kuroda pitching for Yankees. Barnes fouled out to first. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Grossman grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Wright pitching for Astros. Cano singled to center. Hafner grounded out to second, Cano to second. Wells hit for Boesch. Peacock pitching for Astros. Wells flied out to right. Nix lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Suzuki in right field. Wells in left field. Robertson pitching for Yankees. Altuve grounded out to second. Castro struck out swinging. Pena singled to center. Carter homered to right (394 feet), Pena scored. Ankiel struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Peacock pitching for Astros. Overbay homered to right (371 feet). Nunez doubled to right. Stewart singled to center, Nunez scored. Cruz pitching for Astros. Gardner struck out swinging. Suzuki singled to right, Stewart to second. Cano flied out to center. Hafner singled to shallow left, Stewart scored, Suzuki to third. Wells popped out to first. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Kelley pitching for Yankees. Dominguez singled to center. Barnes struck out swinging. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Dominguez out at second. Grossman singled to right center, Gonzalez to third. Grossman to second on fielder's indifference. Altuve doubled to right center, Gonzalez and Grossman scored. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Castro struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 4 - Yankees 7.	Yankees take out Astros