Astros - Top 1st. Samardzija pitching for Cubs. Maxwell struck out looking. Altuve flied out to right. Castro lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 1st. Lyles pitching for Astros. Valbuena flied out to left. Castro grounded out to first. Schierholtz singled to shallow right. Soriano flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Samardzija pitching for Cubs. Martinez grounded out to second. Carter singled to left. Krauss flied out to right. Dominguez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 2nd. Lyles pitching for Astros. Rizzo doubled to right, Rizzo to third on throwing error by right fielder Krauss. Sweeney grounded out to second, Rizzo scored. Castillo flied out to center. Barney grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Astros - Top 3rd. Samardzija pitching for Cubs. Gonzalez grounded out to first. Lyles struck out swinging. Maxwell grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 3rd. Lyles pitching for Astros. Samardzija singled to center. Valbuena grounded into fielder's choice to second, Samardzija safe at second on error by shortstop Gonzalez. Castro walked, Samardzija to third, Valbuena to second. Schierholtz singled to right center, Samardzija and Valbuena scored, Castro to third. Soriano struck out swinging. Rizzo hit sacrifice fly to center, Castro scored, Schierholtz to second. Sweeney doubled to left center, Schierholtz scored. Castillo hit by pitch. Barney reached on infield single to second, Sweeney tagged out at home, Castillo to second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 4th. Samardzija pitching for Cubs. Altuve singled to center. Castro doubled to deep right, Altuve to third. Martinez grounded out to second, Altuve scored, Castro to third. Carter doubled to deep left center, Castro scored. Krauss flied out to center. Dominguez safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Castro, Carter scored. Gonzalez reached on infield single to third, Dominguez to third. Lyles struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Bottom 4th. Lyles pitching for Astros. Samardzija grounded out to second. Valbuena grounded out to second. Castro lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Samardzija pitching for Cubs. Maxwell struck out swinging. Altuve lined out to right. Castro doubled to deep left. Martinez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 5th. Lyles pitching for Astros. Schierholtz struck out swinging. Soriano tripled to deep right. Rizzo singled to left center, Soriano scored. Sweeney doubled to deep left center, Rizzo scored. Castillo struck out swinging. Barney singled to center, Sweeney scored. Samardzija flied out to right. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Samardzija pitching for Cubs. Carter doubled to deep right center. Krauss flied out to right. Dominguez singled to center, Carter scored. Gonzalez flied out to center. Barnes hit for Lyles. Barnes struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 6th. LeBlanc pitching for Astros. Valbuena flied out to center. Castro lined out to third. Schierholtz fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Samardzija pitching for Cubs. Maxwell singled to center. Altuve lined into double play, pitcher to first, Maxwell out at first. Castro grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 7th. LeBlanc pitching for Astros. Soriano doubled to deep center. Rizzo hit by pitch. Sweeney homered to right center (401 feet), Soriano and Rizzo scored. Castillo popped out to first. Barney lined out to left. Hairston hit for Samardzija. Hairston walked. Valbuena tripled to deep right center, Hairston scored. Fields pitching for Astros. Castro struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Russell pitching for Cubs. Martinez singled to center. Carter doubled to deep left, Martinez scored. Krauss popped out to third. Dominguez grounded out to pitcher. Gonzalez singled to center, Carter to third. Cedeno hit for Fields. Villanueva pitching for Cubs. Cedeno struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 8th. Wright pitching for Astros. Schierholtz singled to right center. Soriano flied out to left. Rizzo homered to right center (417 feet), Schierholtz scored. Sweeney struck out looking. Castillo doubled to deep right center. Barney struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Rodriguez pitching for Cubs. Borbon in left field. Maxwell walked. Altuve grounded into fielder's choice to first, Maxwell safe at second on error by shortstop Castro. Castro singled to right, Maxwell to third, Altuve to second. Martinez grounded into double play, third to first, Maxwell scored, Altuve out at third, Castro to second. Carter grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 6 - Cubs 14.	Sweeney's career-high 6 RBIs pace Cubs