Astros - Top 1st. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Altuve grounded out to third. Wallace grounded out to shortstop. Castro grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Norris pitching for Astros. Carpenter singled to center. Beltran flied out to left. Holliday homered to left center (402 feet), Carpenter scored. Craig lined out to center. Molina grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Martinez grounded out to pitcher. Pena struck out swinging. Krauss walked. Barnes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Norris pitching for Astros. Freese singled to center. Descalso doubled to deep right, Freese to third. Jay walked. Wainwright struck out swinging. Carpenter hit sacrifice fly to left, Freese scored. Beltran struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Cedeno struck out swinging. Norris reached on infield single to shortstop. Altuve grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Norris out at second. Wallace struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Norris pitching for Astros. Holliday popped out to third. Craig singled to center. Molina grounded into double play, third to second to first, Craig out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Castro struck out swinging. Martinez struck out looking. Pena singled to center. Krauss struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Norris pitching for Astros. Freese singled to right. Descalso doubled to deep right center, Freese to third. Jay grounded into fielder's choice to third, Freese out at home. Wainwright sacrificed to catcher, Descalso to third, Jay to second. Carpenter doubled to right, Descalso and Jay scored. Beltran singled to right center, Carpenter scored. Holliday struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Barnes grounded out to first. Cedeno grounded out to shortstop. Norris lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Elmore at shortstop. Norris pitching for Astros. Craig fouled out to first. Molina hit by pitch. Freese singled to center, Molina to second. Descalso struck out swinging. Jay singled to left, Molina scored, Freese to second. Wainwright struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Altuve grounded out to second. Wallace doubled to deep center. Castro hit by pitch. Martinez singled to right center, Wallace scored, Castro to third. Pena struck out swinging. Krauss popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Martinez in left field. Harrell pitching for Astros. Paredes in right field. Carpenter doubled to deep right center. Beltran fouled out to third. Holliday hit by pitch. Craig singled to right center, Carpenter scored, Holliday to third, Craig to second advancing on throw. Molina intentionally walked. Freese grounded into double play, third to second to first, Molina out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Barnes grounded out to pitcher. Elmore singled to left. Paredes struck out swinging. Altuve grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Harrell pitching for Astros. Descalso grounded out to first. Jay grounded out to second. Adams hit for Wainwright. Adams grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Cruz catching. Siegrist pitching for Cardinals. Wallace struck out swinging. Castro struck out swinging. Martinez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Harrell pitching for Astros. Carpenter grounded out to second. Beltran doubled to deep left center. Robinson hit for Holliday. Robinson walked. Craig singled to left, Beltran scored, Robinson to third. Cruz grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Craig out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Robinson in left field. Choate pitching for Cardinals. Dominguez hit for Pena. Dominguez reached on infield single to shortstop. Carter hit for Harrell. Blazek pitching for Cardinals. Carter walked, Dominguez to second. Barnes walked, Dominguez to third, Carter to second. Elmore singled to left, Dominguez scored, Carter to third, Barnes to second. Paredes grounded into fielder's choice to first, Carter scored, Elmore out at second, Barnes to third. Altuve singled to center, Barnes scored, Paredes to third. Wallace grounded out to first, Paredes scored, Altuve to second. Castro walked. Mujica pitching for Cardinals. Martinez struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 5 - Cardinals 9.	Wainwright wins 12th as Cards clock Astros