Mariners - Top 1st. Lyles pitching for Astros. Miller walked. Franklin lined into double play, third to first, Miller doubled off first. Ibanez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Altuve flied out to center. Wallace grounded out to first. Castro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Lyles pitching for Astros. Morales singled to center. Seager grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Morales safe at second on error by shortstop Elmore. Smoak struck out swinging. Saunders walked, Morales to third, Seager to second. Ackley reached on infield single to shortstop, Morales scored, Seager to third, Saunders to second. Blanco hit by pitch, Seager scored, Saunders to third, Ackley to second. Miller singled to left, Saunders scored, Ackley to third, Blanco to second. Franklin homered to right, Ackley, Blanco and Miller scored. Ibanez flied out to left. Morales grounded out to first. 7 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Carter grounded out to third. Corporan singled to center. Krauss struck out swinging. Maxwell grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Lyles pitching for Astros. Seager lined out to center. Smoak struck out swinging. Saunders grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Barnes popped out to pitcher. Elmore struck out swinging. Altuve singled to center. Wallace flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Lyles pitching for Astros. Ackley singled to right. Blanco flied out to center. Miller flied out to left. Franklin popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Castro struck out looking. Carter hit by pitch. Corporan popped out to shortstop. Krauss flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Lyles pitching for Astros. Ibanez doubled to left. Morales singled to center, Ibanez scored. Seager hit by pitch, Morales to second. Smoak singled to center, Morales to third, Seager to second. Harrell pitching for Astros. Saunders grounded into fielder's choice to second, Morales scored, Smoak out at second, Seager to third. Ackley hit sacrifice fly to left, Seager scored. Blanco grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Maxwell safe at first on error by shortstop Miller. Maxwell to second on wild pitch by Hernandez. Barnes struck out swinging. Elmore reached on infield single to shortstop, Maxwell to third. Altuve grounded into double play, second to first, Elmore out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 6th. Harrell pitching for Astros. Miller grounded out to second. Franklin singled to right. Franklin to second on wild pitch by Harrell. Ibanez walked. Morales grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Ibanez out at second, Franklin to third. Seager grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Chavez in right field. Saunders in center field. Ackley in left field. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Wallace singled to left. Castro flied out to center. Carter walked, Wallace to second. Corporan struck out looking. Krauss struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Harrell pitching for Astros. Smoak flied out to center. Saunders walked. Ackley singled to left, Saunders to second. Blanco grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ackley out at second, Saunders to third. Miller singled to center, Saunders scored, Blanco to second. Franklin grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Noesi pitching for Mariners. Maxwell struck out swinging. Barnes grounded out to second. Elmore doubled to deep right center. Altuve singled to left, Elmore scored. Wallace lined out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Harrell pitching for Astros. Chavez grounded out to second. Morales walked. Ryan hit for Seager. Ryan grounded into fielder's choice to second, Morales out at second. Smoak singled to left, Ryan to second. Saunders doubled to deep left, Ryan scored, Smoak to third. Wright pitching for Astros. Ackley flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Miller at third base. Ryan at shortstop. Luetge pitching for Mariners. Castro grounded out to second. Carter struck out swinging. Corporan struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Wright pitching for Astros. Blanco grounded out to shortstop. Miller struck out looking. Franklin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 9th. LaFromboise pitching for Mariners. Martinez hit for Krauss. Martinez singled to right. Maxwell singled to center, Martinez to second. Barnes singled to right center, Martinez scored, Maxwell to third. Elmore walked, Barnes to second. Altuve struck out swinging. Farquhar pitching for Mariners. Dominguez hit for Wallace. Dominguez hit sacrifice fly to right, Maxwell scored, Barnes to third. Elmore to second on fielder's indifference. Castro struck out swinging, Castro safe at on error by player player, Barnes and Elmore scored, Castro to first on throwing error by catcher Blanco. Carter walked, Castro to second. Corporan popped out to catcher. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Mariners 12 - Astros 5.	M's win 6th straight behind Franklin's slam