Angels - Top 1st. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Aybar grounded out to shortstop. Kendrick singled to center. Trout flied out to right. Trumbo walked, Kendrick to second. Hamilton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Vargas pitching for Angels. Villar singled to left. Altuve grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Villar out at second. Altuve caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Crowe grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Iannetta struck out swinging. Calhoun struck out swinging. Cowgill struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Vargas pitching for Angels. Laird grounded out to pitcher. Dominguez struck out swinging. Carter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Romine grounded out to shortstop. Aybar grounded out to shortstop. Kendrick singled to right. Trout walked, Kendrick to second. Trumbo tripled to deep center, Kendrick and Trout scored. Hamilton struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Vargas pitching for Angels. Hoes singled to left center. Clark flied out to right. Barnes singled to right center, Hoes to second. Villar flied out to center, Hoes to third. Altuve homered to left (346 feet), Hoes and Barnes scored. Crowe singled to center. Laird grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Iannetta homered to left (396 feet). Calhoun singled to left. Cowgill grounded out to third, Calhoun to second. Romine singled to shallow left, Calhoun scored, Romine thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. Aybar singled to center. Kendrick grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Vargas pitching for Angels. Dominguez hit by pitch. Carter struck out swinging. Hoes struck out looking. Dominguez caught stealing second, catcher to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Trout struck out swinging. Trumbo struck out swinging. Hamilton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Vargas pitching for Angels. Clark singled to center. Barnes singled to center, Clark to second. Villar bunt popped out to catcher. Altuve singled to left, Clark to third, Barnes to second. Crowe singled to center, Clark and Barnes scored, Altuve to third. Laird hit by pitch, Crowe to second. Rasmus pitching for Angels. Dominguez homered to left (400 feet), Altuve, Crowe and Laird scored. Carter fouled out to first. Hoes walked. Clark flied out to center. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Iannetta doubled to left. Calhoun struck out swinging. Cowgill grounded out to second, Iannetta to third. Romine reached on infield single to second, Iannetta scored. Aybar doubled to left center, Romine scored. De Leon pitching for Astros. Kendrick struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Gutierrez pitching for Angels. Barnes struck out swinging. Villar singled to center. Altuve grounded into double play, third to second to first, Villar out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. De Leon pitching for Astros. Trout walked. Trumbo grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Trout out at second. Hamilton singled to left. Iannetta hit by pitch, Hamilton to second. Chapman pitching for Astros. Calhoun lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Brasier pitching for Angels. Crowe singled to left. Krauss hit for Laird. Krauss singled to right, Crowe to second. Dominguez walked, Crowe to third, Krauss to second. Carter flied out to right, Crowe out at home, Krauss to third. Hoes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Allen Chapman pitching for Astros. Cowgill walked. Cowgill to second on wild pitch by Chapman. Romine walked. Zeid pitching for Astros. Aybar reached on infield single to third, Cowgill to third, Romine to second. Kendrick flied out to right. Trout walked, Cowgill scored, Romine to third, Aybar to second. Trumbo grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Trout out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Green at second base. Brasier pitching for Angels. Clark lined out to center. Barnes struck out swinging. Villar singled to center. Villar caught stealing second, pitcher to first to pitcher to second. Altuve batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Fields pitching for Astros. Hamilton grounded out to shortstop. Iannetta struck out swinging. Calhoun struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 7 - Astros 9.	Dominguez hits grand slam, Astros beat Angels 9-7